Titile,Review
Better experience,"I like JETBLUE , got offered extra legroom for not a lot of money , friendly personnel and on time flight"
Scary trip,To start the red headed girl at the counter was too busy watching videos on her phone to pay attention to her surrounding and the safety of the people at the gate. Then the girl on the flight who states she is an attendant was rude and moving people belongings without even
JetBlue is the Best!!,JetBlue is always our first choice to fly. Flights are always on time and flight crews are awesome! The larger seats are also a great plus! In-flight TV is especially enjoyable as I've had issues on other airlines trying to access the In-flight TV and that is a must for me
Usual flight,I take this flight about 8 times a year. Every time I take it it’s always on time. I can only remember flight once where we were taxiing down the tarmac and we had to turn around due to a medical issue with the co-pilot. Planes have always been clean and flight attendants
Even More Speed needs Even More TSA agents who know what it is,Both New Orleans and Denver have sent me back to the end of the regular line on more than one occasion when trying to use Even More Speed. And who is going to argue with TSA? Boston is great but these other airports need JetBlue to step it up with TSA.
Flight to NOLA,"JetBlue has become one of my favorite airlines to travel with. They have great customer service, the seats are a bit roomier than other airlines, and I’m a big guy so that matters. I’m also quite tall and appreciate the extra leg room.. the offer of upgrading to a roomier seat"
I am Jet Blue fan. Fly nonstop to SFO to visit grandchildren. Nice new plane,"Always a good experience, but for the return flight home and for the second time in a row, my TV did not work. I am a reader so no big deal, and I accepted a cocktail for the inconvenience. The flight attendant did find me an aisle seat, like the one I was in with an"
JetBlue nonstop JFK—> St Maarten,"Best RT nonstop, on-time service from JFK/St Maarten/JFK. Convenient time schedule with professional crew."
If I could give them a negative review I would!!,"I arrived to my gate at the exact time of the gate closure and they would not let me on. Claimed the pilot ""already had his numbers"". I will never use them again!"
Airline that remembers what customer service is,"I took a red eye flight from Denver to Boston first. Wow, I got on the plane and everyone got a eye blinder to take a nap on the flight. It was sitting in my seat when I got on. Slept most of the time. The next flight to Santo Domingo when I was awake noticed flight"
Nothing to complain,"Excellent boarding, on time, felt safe, good service, perfect disembarking, nice crew, fast baggage at destination"
Flying to cruise port,Flew from NY to Fl to cruise. Great flight. Flight attendants were very friendly. Free beverage and snacks
LOVE JETBLUE!!,"JetBlue is very reasonable when it comes to pricing and the service and staff is just superb!! I have not had one bad experience with them, the leg room they give you is so much better than any other airline and the in flight entertainment is amazing!"
Perfect Flight,"We flew from Rochester, NY to NYC, then from NYC to Seattle, WA...the flights left on time and arrived on time. The staff at the airports were very helpful, and friendly, and the staff on the plane were very friendly, yet professional. I would recommend Jetblue to family and"
Excellent,"My husband and I had a wonderful flight! We will defiantly fly jet Blue again. The crew was so friendly and kind, top notch service! The polite was great, very nice and very informative."
"THE WORST AIRLINE AND CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER, wouldn’t recommend to anyone. I recommend for you to AVOID them!!!!","We were delayed 5 hours and 7 minutes flying from Orlando to DC. It was not related to weather, as very few other flights surrounding us were delayed. We were told that the plane we were supposed to be on was coming from Nassau and was delayed, so we were then put on a different"
Good flights always and usually on time,"I have been flying Jet Blue for the last 20 years and have always had good flights and usually on time back and forth from Florida to New York. Unfortunatly, the only bank they use for their frequent flyers is Barclaycard which is the worst credit card ever. Their customer"
Love Jetblue,"Flew to Cancun from JFK late August, my daughters and I took an early morning flight. Staff on the ground and on flight friendly and helpful, the flight left on time and arrived early at our destination. Return flight was also good, we have traveled to different countries to"
jet blue vacations,booked family vacation on jet blue vacations and definitely saved money by not booking separately . I also add a car rental with hotel and saved. upgraded to Mint with savings which was a first class experience. I might sound like a commercial but I booked with my jet blue
On Time and Convenient,Jet Blue is a reliable and professional Airline that we fly as often as it is available tour destination. We always appreciate their non-stop service.
Great flight across the country.,"My wife and I are from the state of New York. Occasionally we need to travel to Los Angeles to visit my wife's sister. Our flight back from Los Angeles to Buffalo New York, was great. We were on a very new plane from JetBlue, the televisions were great. They were brand-new the"
BEWARE OF JET BLUE BAGGAGE POLICY (OVERWEIGHT),"Jet Blue states on its website that an overweight bag is $150; however, when you check in an overweight bag, JetBlue charges you $30 for the ""first bag"" PLUS the $150 because the bag is overweight for a TOTAL of $180 for one overweight bag."
"Jet Blue, the best of the best",Many trips to and from Newark NJ to Delray Beach FL. The best in legroom and the best of the best in customer service
Rude people,After a 17 hour flight I booked a flight from Sydney to Melbourne to get home after a business trip. I was randomly selected twice to be searched. I finally get onto the plane and into my seat when an employee came to me and said that I would need to leave because of a battery
Very angry paying extra for legroom when others don't have to,I flew from Boston to Aruba. I paid extra for my husband and I to have extra legroom as my husband has a leg injury. Only to find out the guy next to me sat next to us but did not pay for the extra room. He saw the seat next to us was open and took it. Flight attendants should
"Amazing service, smiley staff, Wifi + dogs...what else you need?","We haven't flight with them, that was our first experience. Flight was on time to Miami and back also. It was a std. Airbus and has a very good leg room for no extra money. Pets allowed, so we had a very cute new friend on our trip. The stewardess on the plane was so lovely!!"
Great Staff & unlimited snacks and beverages,"What a great flight. We hate flying at night, but it was doable with quiet and helpful staff. We had a round trip and both times pleasant. Wonderful that they give you unlimited snacks and beverages - help yourself half way through flight. Don't like that they have people"
My preferred Airline,"Best airline for tall people who need leg room. Even if you do not pay for an extra room seat, you will have enough room to fit your feet and backpack. I cannot function without the internet or flight tracker. These planes all have it. Engines are quiet and staff are always"
Flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Richmond VA and return,First time flying JetBlue. It was a very nice experience. There is more legroom than on other airlines. The flight attendants were very professional and attentive during the flights. I would highly recommend this airline. Their flight schedule is a little limited depending where
Old reliable,"Comfortable seating, great web site for easy booking. Phone alerts, and easy to use phone app. Clean planes, great flight attendants. Flight was leaving late and they gave us free pre packaged meals for free. Always had a pleasant flight with jet blue."
Good Airline,"Jet blue provides on time service, snacks and good customer service. A reasonable priced airline with a few perks."
All good,"Great Airline. No complaints. Free WiFi, snacks, and drinks. Nota cattle car like AmericanAirlines. awe willl always take JetBlue from now on."
Surprised,"Happily surprised. Great service provided by the flight attendants, WiFi and entertainment during the flight, and even snacks. The only bad side was that I got the last seat because I checked in late af."
Fast!,"It was honestly a very good and organized flight, both ways the boarding started right on time, and both flights reached their destination ahead of the scheduled time."
Worst customer service,"Worst experience by far today. I always fly JetBlue. In fact usually the ONLY airline I fly. Today I experienced the WORST customer service at Orlando airport JetBlue employees, Bobbie and Jason 'jay'"
Nice clean flight,"The flight was great. Got off on time. The plane was clean as well as the bathrooms. Customs at the airport was like always, crowed and long lines but thats government at work. (No lines at our southern borders) Bags arrived OK and with ne delays."
Excellent experience,"Yesterday my family flew from San Francisco to JFK in Jet Blue’s Mint Class, aka Business class. Our crew was led by Stephen and Rosa. They were professional and accommodating, as well as charming. The seats are comfy and the single pod set up is the best. The only complaint"
"Fasten Your Seat Belts, It was a Bumpy Ride","The flight hit a lot of turbulence, Otherwise it was a great flight, great service. Extra leg room is way to go."
Truly cares about its customers,I have been flying Jetblue for years and I consistently experience top notch service.I first started flying Jetblue when I moved to DC for college and their DCA to JAX flight was always well priced. My last flight with Jetblue was this past weekend to Montego Bay. It's the
Mrs,This airline is one of my favorite! They always treat me like family. Customer service is always far and beyond. I’m so happy to fly with jet Blue my Mike is the best ! Thanks jet blue for always giving the best
GREAT,"Excellent service....Timely take-off ....Perfect Timing........Keep it Up.... Very Professional attitude & behavior, by staff...."
Can't Beat Aruba Nonstop from Boston,"Our flights in both directions were perfect, excellent service, on time arrivals, friendly staff. The point of this review is too suggest people from Boston take the nonstop flights. The 7 am flight from Boston gets you in Aruba in time for lunch. We heard bad stories from"
Non Stop Flight,"My husband and I flew from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Albany, New York on JetBlue. We couldn’t pass up the great deal ($89. each-one way) or the non stop flight. Our flight was great! Flight crew was friendly, seats are spacious and clean. They do have extended leg room seats"
JetblueB6 386 BGI - FLL 9/17/19,"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
Flight was on time but very basic,"Good weather and low demand time assured that this midday Sunday flight was on time However TV did not work at my and many other seats Wi Fly took forever to open, and it did not offer anything except shopping on Amazon Drinks are becoming smaller and smaller less than 1/2 cup"
Jetblue service B6 386 BGI-FLL 9/17/19,"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
Easy in and out,"JetBlue is always an easy flight, check in 24 hours in advance, pay for luggage, arrive at airport and you are on your way."
Jetblue,"Omg I had such a great experience flying with Jetblue. Checking was super easy, flight was on time and the seats on the aircraft was very roomy. I traveled with my boyfriend who is a very big guy and he was very comfortable on the plane. Our trip was worth every penny and we"
Quite Nice,Seemed a little more leg room. Leather seats. Display screen with many options to watch or listen but be sure to bring your listening device or pay an arm and a leg to get one.
Efficient Friendly Comfortable,"I continue to be impressed by JetBlue. Round trip Boston to San Francisco. Lots of leg room, great service and ON TIME. What more can you ask for?"
My Last 2 trips,"Although the flights over the last 4 years were nonstop, It would be better if I flown during the day instead of at night landing in Reno, and landing in the morning back at JFK on a red eye flight. There should be a daytime flight direct and nonstop."
Nothing like a mint flight on JetBlue!!,"Lay down relax and enjoy the flight!! Flying mint is the way to go. The seat layout to full beds and the massage you !! And the food is yummy!! You get three different small plates!! Best thing and you can’t mess is their signature cocktail get that with or without vodka I "
"Terrible customer service the wait times are outrageous and still no help with booking, jetblue is terrible now!","Would like to book a flight but I can’t! Ridiculous I don’t have time to wait on the phone for an hour, get it together jetblue"
Comfortable safe flight,"Comfortable seats,clean,pleasant flight attendants,direct flight. WiFi is free with jet blue card. Only negative was red eye flight home where flight attendent was talking loud to another passenger for some time disrupting my sleep."
Delays,"While en route to Logan airport for my Jetblue flight today, I get an email that my flight to JFK is delayed by two hours — I would then miss my connecting flight to Albuquerque. The agent was very helpful and put us on the earlier flight which was supposed to leave at 1:30pm"
no customer service,"on our flight the monitor didn't work at my seat. . the flight attendants were less than helpful.After three different attendants hit the, reset button, to no avail, offered no recourse . No seat change,no offering any extra drinks or snacks. They were fine with me flying from"
Horrible experience! Worse than spirit and frontier!!,What a Surprise it was for me to finally fly jet blue. When I looked for my airplane tickets I had options that went from $20 to the most expensive which was 69 and the $69 1 is the one I picks because I thought you know what I've never flown jetblue before and let me see if
Among the best US flight experiences,"Easy online check-in and paying for additional luggage. Competent service at Sea-Tac. Enough pitch between seats, even in economy. And punctual take-off and landing."
"Great, as always","No shock why Jet Blue continues be a superb airline. The attendants were friendly, Helpful and cheery. Snacks are bottomless and there is plenty of leg room. I am cane disabled and there is never a problem pre-boarding. We prefer to travel Jet Blue whenever possible."
Not the greatest,"Expected much better service. Cold, unfriendly service by the cabin attendants. Check-in was good. On-time flight. Dirty cabin & washrooms."
"On Time and On Schedule! Wow, what an Airline!",Haven’t flown JetBlue before. This is for flights 1853 and 88 on 10/3/19. I had no idea what I was missing. Both flights (from Jax to FLL and from FLL to Albany) were on time (or less time than promised.). Boarding was quick and efficient. Flight attendants were personable
Expected more and better,"What a disappointment. Check in was like a cattle drive. Herds of travelers moving from one kiosks to another, check in, boarding pass, weight your luggage, tag it and if flying out of JFK you take it over and loaded on the conveyer belt. Gate changes twice with little warning"
One hour late boarding with one hour late takeoff and poor response to feedback,Customer service response was a frank dismissal of facts about late departure due to cabin crew being almost an hour behind. No clear explanation for why we were sitting on the tarmac for another hour. Customer feedback agent minimized and dismissed these facts with no response
We continue to be impressed with JetBlue,"This was a great flight. Very attentive flight attendants, free wi-fi, and great seating space, especially for only Economy seats."
Excellent flight,This airline continues to give great value for your dollar. Flights both to and from where on time and the service onboard was excellent.
Terrible flight,"Flew recently on Jetblue, and were extremely dissapointed with the flight. The plane was filthy, the TVs are not working. The flight attendants had an attitute and were rude. Had family with 4 small children in the row behind us, one under 1, they started crying, screaming and"
Flight,We had a wonderful flight. The entire staff was very friendly & helpful. I would definitely Fly Jetblue again.
Great Airline,Great flight leaving from JFK. The flight crew was friendly and accommodating. A nice quiet early am flight.
Great service on Jetblue Boston to Richmond,"Great convenient flight on Jetblue between Boston and Richmond this weekend. The staff both ways were super nice, the pilot communicated regularly, and we made record time after a short delay in take off. A very easy flight although the terminal at Logan is terrible, hope they"
My favorite airline in the US,"In an industry that seems to take pride in pissing off their customers (at least in the US), this airline is the exception to that rule. We just flew on them as a partner airline to Qatar Airlines and we really liked them (again). I actually fit in their seats and don't feel"
"Lost Baggage, Careless Attitude, and Horrible Baggage Claim Services","My sister traveled from India to the US to see us here in FL. She landed at Tampa, FL, and gets to know that JetBlue left her luggage behind in JFK where she had her layover. She got her first bag after 7 days and the second bag wasn't found. The entire process from filing the"
New York to Havana,We had an amazing flight from New York to Havana. We did not buy luggage but you can get a cabin baggage and you also get free drink and snacks during the flight thanks to Jetblue
Disappointed Traveler,"Let me start out by saying, I have been flying with JetBlue for more than 20 years... For the past few years, I have been very disappointed to say the least. Flight prices can be a bit higher than norm. My last few flights with JetBlue has been major pains and disappointments."
A puddle hop,"Even though our flight was only a hop, skip, and a jump, it was great. The online checking with their app was effortless. All staff we had contact with seemed well trained and courteous. JetBlue gives a lot of bang for the buck."
Happy Flyer,"I always love flying with JetBlue. Checkin was easy with a very courteous staff, who assist me with the process. The seat was comfortable and the cabin was clean with friendly staff. It was a nice flight to Grenada. The baggage claim was good, I had no issues."
Things were broke BUT they fixed it,"I got seated and right away my tv wasn't working. This was a 5 hr flight, so needed my TV. After we got to a safe altitude the flight attendant found me another window seat and I was allowed to move. After a few hours that TV started acting up. Go figure both my TV's. The"
Just one small complaint...,"Jetblue has always been my flight of choice and in the most part everything went pretty well. Check-in was easy, aircraft was clean, crew was friendly and helpful and flight was on time. The only complain I have that entertainment was out and I was so ready to watch a movie."
Loved my first flight,"This was my first flight ever and it was awesome. Romaine, Jen and Jabanna made sure I was comfortable and my seat mates were great as well. The seating was excellent and as a hearing impaired person they really were great. I will definitely fly JetBlue again. My only problem"
Great Service,"I just want to thanks ALLYSON, it was a pleasure having you there helping us through the check in process. You went the extra mile and beyond. You are great asset to the company. From now on just JetBlue."
Wow love Jetblue!,From the easy checkin to the friendliest staff I will fly JetBlue whenever I have the chance! The seats were very roomy and lots of snack choices. Also TV’s with free movies. What more can you want.
Don’t pay extra for exit row seating,My wife and I paid $35 each to move to exit row on the day of the flight 9/28 cause the two rows were empty. However once getting the plane the flight attendant Travis Williams gave the seats to passengers who didn’t pay for the seats. So why pay? Just ask the flight
JetBlue is my go to airline,"I travel to Florida about every 8 weeks and JetBlue is my go-to airline. The boarding and deplaning are always fast and efficient. The jets themselves are up-to-date and clean. The price is as good, if not better than other airlines. I use my JetBlue credit card and get a"
"Free TV, movies, and Internet is appreciated","We recently took JetBlue for five flights to 4 different cities. We really appreciated having the free screens on the back of the seats in front of us to watch TV and movies, as well as free Internet access for our devices. That made the trip go by much faster. The screens on"
JetBlue scores again,"Great legroom space, smooth flight. I was even upgraded to more legroom on the flight going down, without added fee."
Very enjoyable flight,"We flew from JFK over to Martha’s Vineyard and returned a week later. The flight time was about an hour and it was a very enjoyable flight. Make no mistake, I wouldn’t wish to use JetBlue for a long haul flight, as there wasn’t the most leg room and the seats aren’t the"
JetBlue great flight as always,Great nonstop am flight to paradise of Aruba other than a few little bumps over Hispaniola smooth eagling arriving flight
Willblais,JetBlue is great the people are nice and very helpful. JetBlue is the only airline that my wife and I will fly.
Mint marvelous,"Took the 8 30 pm flight from Los Angeles to Kennedy Simply put the best most economical 1st/business class for transcontinental flight Spacious seating with a full lie flatbed, food service done uniquely with a nice platter and assortment of salad sandwich and soup , "
JetBlue rules,"JetBlue is by far, the best airline out there. Free WiFi, free movies, free snacks, legroom, leather comfortable seats, clean airline! My preferred airline when I travel."
Best domestic FIRST CLASS in the air - WORST WEBSITE of them all!,"I've always enjoyed Jetblue for a variety of reasons, but when they started their MINT CLASS service out of select airports, that sealed the deal for me. I frequently fly First Class for business, and on one occasion, Jetblue was the only option so I had to take it. Was I"
The old cabin interior,The cabin interior was of the old Jetblue type. The legroom was very good. The flight took off and landed on time. The seat back screens appear really tiny. The beverage and snacks were Ok. The flight was around 5 hours and 30 mins. On flights of this duration there should be
On time and good leg room,"On time and good leg room space, boarding was easy and free wifi great. Only let down by dirty tray tables with food smudged over them and coffee drips over outside. Food snack packs reasonable, we had the cheese and crackers for $12 which included 2 hard cheeses and a Brie,"
Direct to Aruba,"Mint service is exceptional, well worth the extra. Seats are incredibly comfortable (massage chairs you can fully lay down in), movie screens are larger, food is delicious, service is personal. Simply can not say enough. Treat yourself and upgrade to mint. Only regret is"
"Great Legroom, and excellent staff","I always select my flights based on price and timing, so I don't have very high expectations of comfort or great service, so when I have such a good experience with both it feels that I need to share it. I was shocked by how much legroom there was, I could stretch my knees all"
Good but not as good as expected,"The trip to Orlando had severe turbulence, the pilot was excellent, had complete control of plane, Never felt there was ever a problem or any issues.The return flight from Orlando to Buffalo wasn't very good. First, delayed and told TV's weren't working, however TV's had been"
Good space. Helpful staff,Good and clean plane. Space is likely best in airline services. The courtesy staff was a great help. He was able to clear my PreTSA quickly at the airport.
Major delay with lame excuse but excellent in-flight service,"Our flight from Burbank was scheduled to leave at 9:30 pm 8/18, arriving JFK 5:30 am, Princess cruise leaving in late pm 8/19 Between 6-8 pm, I received 6 emails hourly from JetBlue saying the flight would be late one hour at the time. Last email said it changed to depart at 8"
Jet Blue JFK/Aruba Aug 2019,"I would normally give Jet Blue a 5 star rating because they provide great, comfortable service. However, on this recent flight, we had major confusion at JFK resulting from having to check our own bags and bring them to the bag handler to be placed on the plane. There appeared"
An eyecatching upgrade,Jetblue has upgraded its cabin. The new color scheme is pleasing. The leg space is still good. The new seats look and feel good. The seatback touchscreen TVs are large and of high resolution. The USB charging port is a nice addition. The maps have improved though the middle
Great way to travel cheap.,"A two day, one overnight trip. Only a carry-on, so no need to worry about overhead space. Also the Je Blue seats seem to better placed, so standard foot room is suffiient for this 6'-0"" person. Also, since I don't mind center seat, I paid the basic minimum price. What a"
Best airline I've been on.,The best airline I've been on. Very comfortable. I can bring two bags on at no additional charge. Wi-fi and TV on domestic flights. I went from Newark to Fort Lauderdale then off to Cartagena. Same way back. Jetblue all the way.
The best experience EVER,"My first time flying with jet blue was this past weekend coming home from Fort Lauderdale Florida, to Phl airport in Philadelphia. I was at first nervous being I don’t really love to fly to begin with but I didn’t hear much about jet blue in the past. Long story short I was an"
fantastic airline,"have been flying back and forth and will be for business and love this airline, planes are clean, staff is always nice very few delays and just a pleasant experience overall"
Good Flight,"I didn't give this flight a 5 star review because there are some things that could b improved upon, however the plane was clean, the flight attendants were friendly and really, other than that the headphone jacks on the seats were very touchy (I really didn't like that when"
Fly jet blue,After bad experiences with other airlines we will only fly jet blue or not go.if you are flying from nj avoid newark airport its a disaster we found a small airport in westchester n jet blue flys to Orlando the airport is restricted on how many flights a day..it is no hassle
Great experience,"JetBlue customer service is excellent - they were very helpful in arranging this flight on short notice, and I was very happy to get a direct flight. They really do care about their customers."
Boarding process was difficult,"Terminal doesn't have speakers in which customers can hear the announcements, this cause problems during the boarding process because everyone walk and stay the same time in front of the gate door. It was terrible!! Very disorganized. Plane arrived early to the gate (2 hours"
If I could fly Jet Blue all the time I would,I fly jetblue all the time when I can so this review is just about the airline in general. The ONLY complaint I ever had is one time I was told I could not have anymore to drink and I literally just had 2 drinks over a 3 hour flight and was not in the least bit drunk. Not sure
Non Negotiable,I have never flown any airline but Jet Blue. I travel to Aruba and Las Vegas every year. I needed to change the hotel part of my package in Las Vegas to a more expensive one. They made sure they charged me an Extra $200.00 to merely push a button. So disappointed. Not the way I
Top notch airline!,"I have been a Mosaic for 4 years and fly them at least 4 X a month. I will say, you will get the occasional delay, but for the most part, they are pretty consistently on-time. I live in NY and it can get complicated with this congested airspace. I always recommend to people,"
Check In Service,"Pity service at check in I flight very frequently, and at the last minute option I chose to fly Jet Blue. Today 25 Sep 19 at about 03:30 I make my line and when I am called I give my ID. The person at the counter tells me sharply, I don't need your ID what do you need, I tell"
Always exceptional,We always upgrade to the extra room seat! We love Jet Blue they always try their best. Friendly and kind service and they do their best to get us to our destination on time. On our top of the list.
Clean planes that leave on time,"We have flown JetBlue several times now and they have been consistently good. The planes are clean and reasonably comfortable, the staff is friendly and professional. Like all airlines, everything is extra except soft drinks and some snacks. They offer blankets, pillows and"
Embriar 190 planes,The planes are small yet you have your own tvs to watch. Make sure you bring head phones or ear buds to listen. The planes are timely in leaving and aarrival.
Great flight,"First time ever flying JetBlue. I normally fly delta! This was a last minute trip and jet blue was the cheapest! I am so glad I tried them out! Comfortable leather seats, male attendants and a smooth flight. I will certainly fly again in the future."
"trouble-free, coast to coast","The easiest and best airline for business. No nonsense. Does not cancel or delay flights. While some of my business colleagues were delayed by 48 hours on another US airline flying from Cali to NY, I have never had that trouble on JetBlue."
Jet Blue,Every time I fly with JetBlue the flights are delayed. I’ve flown with them 4 times and I can never guarantee getting to my destination at the correct time because it is always delayed.
Definitely recommend,"My fiancé and I absolutely love JetBlue! The staff is great at the Aruba Airport, but it could be better at the Fort Lauderdale Airport. The prices are great and so is the service. We even flew Mint and it was just amazing! Just one crew member was a little rude to me but we"
"Reliable, affordable, and so many perks!","Flew from ATL to Guayaquil, Ecuador for our first experience. The leg room was unparalleled and there were perks I thought was no longer in existence on airlines: snacks, free drinks, free tv! It was a truly great flight."
be very careful about cancellations,"I cancelled a flight 2 hrs after booking (only 1 seat was left, so I jumped). It didn't work for me so I cancelled. Every normal airline I've dealt with would refund the full amount to the credit card. Not JB: they took a $200 fee and only gave a credit valid for 1 yr on JB. "
Flight Cancelled - JetBlue left us stranded,"I logged in to JetBlue to check-in on line 4 hours before my scheduled flight. When I did I noticed the flight was delayed by an hour - no other notice to me via text or email. Ok, fine, an hour is not a big deal. I check back in an hour and notice it has now been delayed"
Great Flight on time and actually got back early,Fabulous flight on time and got there early...customer service was amazing! The seating was great paid for ertra leg room so worth it!
"Ruined our vacation, terrible customer service","Booked airfare and hotel through Expedia. My partner and I booked a trip to Saint Martin, he holds a South African passport and checked online to see if he needs a visa to get into the country. After seeing mixed answers we decided the best way to get the answer was to call"
JEt Blue Flight to Aruba,"Very nice flights, Syracuse to JFK, JFK to Aruba. JFK runways were under construction, so a bit of a wait on the tarmac to get to the gate. Be sure to have at least an hour layover if you have to switch planes."
"Flying with JetBlue to Lima, Peru",When I have to fly to Peru is more convenient to be out of FLL airport . Air fares are affordable and cannot complain of the seats and service.
"Interesting flight attendant, great service!","Interesting flight attendant, very up beat and friendly. It was a very pleasant domestic flight of all time! They even served drink and snack, for FREE! The flight was very punctual, clean, and the leg room was very roomy. The terminal of jetBlue in LGA is the smallest,"
Arrogant staff,"Very arrogant staff at JFK , Not at all friendly flight crew. Unfortunately it was a connection flight and had no other choice. Plane was nice and enough left room. People who works.for JetBlue need a serious customer service training. They behave like we are getting free"
Pleasantly surprised,It was our first time flying Jetblue in about 15 years. There are a lot of improvements. The crew and airport staff were friendly and helpful. The seats were comfortable with enough legroom. They served beverages and snacks multiple times. The things that I didn't like were the
Always consistent,The plane was new and beautiful. We purchased even more space which was worth the price. Both flights were on time and we were treated very well by Jet Blue staff. We thoroughly enjoy flying Jet Blue.
Jamaica Bound,"Our experience with JetBlue was nothing but top notch. This was our first time using this company and for the amount of money we saved we elected to fly out of Orlando Fl, vs. Valdosta GA. The staff was friendly, professional, and the aircraft was one the newer ones. Plenty"
"jetblue was the BEST, from start to finish.",Jetblue employees couldn’t be any NICER & the flight was GREAT Aircraft was very clean & comfortable nice choice of snacks & drinks. Lots of movies to watch.
Jamaica trip,I mostly fly JetBlue great services and price friendly staff clean planes easy to upgrade or change plans
"Great flight, Terrible experience on landing and leaving Chicago","Be very prepared for the awful experience of JetBlue at O’Hare, You land at terminal 3 and get your bag at terminal 2. Leaving it is the other way around. Check in at 2 and leave at 3. I do not think it is JetBlues doing, space and all that but the crew at landing and leaving"
My new Favorite,"R/T flights were right on time, staff was friendly, plenty of leg room, free movies, got a great R/T fare...first time flying with JetBlue and was very happy."
JetBlue to Jamaica,The flight on JetBlue was a mixed bag. The flight to Montego Bay Jamaica was great. Check in was almost all automatic We printed our own boarding passes and luggage tags. There’re were personnel at the kiosks to assist you if needed. The flight we were on had large seats with
Great customer service given the challenges.,"Was scheduled to fly into Nassau on Sunday but due to circumstance we didn't make it back till Tuesday. Every staff person I encountered during these cancellations was 100% professional, courteous and understanding of the individual needs. We gave it a go on Monday morning and"
Friendly staff,Friendly staff. Easy check in. No problems with punctuality of flights. As expected only packets of crisps etc and beverages. Prior to flights contacted JetBlue via live chat to reserve seats and the lady that dealt with it was extremely helpful.
Consistency is Key,"Took a business trip to MA. As always from FLL to BDL and back the JB employees were outstanding. No need to wait for help, they offered and were friendly and accommodating. During the flight back, it seems they renovated the inside of the plane. All-new seats and interior of"
"Delays and cancellations, terrible customer service!",This was the first and last time I will ever fly Jetblue. Flight out was delayed twice and flight back was delayed twice and then cancelled. Customer service was horrible. Kept trying to put me on flights to another airport. They finally got me on a 5:45 am flight the next
JetBlue was better in the past!,"JetBlue use to be my favorite airline, until it started being constantly late! Nowadays it is an exception for a JetBlue flight to be leaving on time and from the advertised gate. Not easy or pleasant to run from gate to gate, several times for the same flight! Also, if you"
Delayed flight allowed us to change to a closer airport,I received an early notification of my flight from PBI to Boston was delayed. It did not leave until 6pm but I did not want to be stranded in Florida. I called Jetblue and they rebooked two flights from FL to worcester which was closer to home. Good service. No fees.
Poor Service from JetBlue Airline,"I'm a blind passenger who purchased a premium economy seat and was treated as if I needed a wheelchair. I could've deplaned first however, the airline waited for a wheelchair which lead me to be released with last group leaving the plane."
"Terrific Crew :Anna, Julia and Tosha - Flight #780 MBJ-JFK","Had a terrific flight back home with this wonderful trio, they were very pleasant and accommodating, makes the jetBlue experience even lovelier - thanks guys."
Excellent!,Always is a pleasure flight with Jet Blue. Is a Low Cost Airline but its service is excellent. Every step is easy without trauma....
Trip back made up for the trip to,First time flying JetBlue and I would give it a 7.5 to 8 score on the FH scale. Burbank to NY was pretty smooth and had just a couple of hiccups taking off and landing which felt like inexperience to me but tolerable. So grateful that the cockpit team for the NY-Bur leg was
First Time Jet Blue flyers,"We enjoyed our first flight on Jet Blue. In particular we liked having just two seats in a row, which was very comfortable. The flight itself had no issues, It departed and arrived on time. I do wish that the airline provided at least a little bag of pretzels or cookies, and"
enjoybale flight,I enjoy flying with JetBlue as I can watch a good movie or tv during the flight with no problems. The service is always great and I have zero complains every time I fly.
Nice Trip on JetBlue,Very smooth flight with it being right on time. Onboard crews were friendly and helpful. Seats were comfy in the new plane.
Better seats and in-flight entertainment than most others,"Jet Blue does a very good job--friendly flight attendants, free drinks and snacks, decent seats and very good in-flight entertainment. If the dates/flights work out, its my go-to airline. I'm 6'5"" so other than a big price difference for an upgrade, this airline gives me more"
Another great Jet Blue experience,"Very convenient to get inexpensive non-stop service from RSW (Fort Myers) to Logan (Boston), even better with JetBlue!! No charge for carry on or seats like on most airlines now. Flights were both on time and service was very courteous."
Awesome Aruba experience,"The flight took off on time , there was ample explanation of all flight procedures and amenities; the flight crew was very professional and accommodating. The arrival and deplaning in Oranjestad was smooth and problem-free. Airport operations in Aruba are modern and highly"
policy of no refunds other than credit to fly,had to cancel for illness..even was on Mint class..they deducted $400 for a change fee and then took the entire balance as a credit into a fly with jet blue account refusing to give the money back!! how can a business class ticket be so restrictive. this airline is out of line
Another great experience with JetBlue,Everything about this flight went well - timely and easy boarding. I was able to put my carry on bag overhead next to my seat. Comfortable seating - I appreciate being able to upgrade to even more space - it's an affordable upgrade and more space is always worth it in my
Friendly staff. Free snacks and beverages.,"JetBlue is a nice, friendly, reasonably priced airline. Passengers receive free snacks and beverages. The free wi-fi is really convenient for watching movies and listening to music. The staff are wonderful at keeping passengers updated on luggage terminals and any changes in"
We Made It!,"8:30 flight out of JFK to Grand Cayman took off on time and landed on time, flight was insignificant other than the fact that this was the first time my husband and I had the row (with the extra leg room) all to ourselves, the row in front, across and diagonally were all"
Lost Reservations and luggage,"made flight and seat reservations 2 months in advance so that myself, wife, and son could sit together on the 5-6 hour flight from Boston to SF. we got the standard pre-check in boarding pass email the day before our flight but it wouldn't allow us to check in - when we called"
great flights,"comfortable seating, always helpful personnel, the airline to take! Spend the money for the extra comfort it is worth it!"
"Potential disaster, crisis averted.","We arrived in Orlando, to find that our flight had been delayed almost 4 hours. Unfortunately, we were due to catch our connecting flight, before we were able to arrive. JetBlue, took care of us. They paid for us to spend the night in Puerto Rico, and bought us dinner, and"
Horrendous airline,"I checked their pet policy as well as called before I booked tickets with this airline, then when I got to the airport to check in, they refused to comply with the policy that I was told. The check in agent told me “I think” your dog is too tall. She refused to even try to work"
Great nonstop to New York's JFK from Fort Myers FL,"I have flown JetBLue twice in the last month and both times were pleasant, on time, and non eventful, which is how I like my flights. Friendly staff, clean bathrooms, and smooth ride makes for a great experience!"
non-stop flight to NYC,"I always fly JetBlue to NYC because it is a non-stop flight and inexpensive. This flight was shorter than scheduled, about 30 minutes both ways. They offered my favorite snack, Terra Chips. The only bad thing was departure time at 2:30 PM which shortens my stay at NYC. Still"
Awesome flight to Ft. Lauderdale for our Anniversary!,We decided to take a long weekend trip to Ft Lauderdale for our anniversary and given the construction at LGA & FLL we were expecting delays but we were perfectly on time and our attendants were very friendly. It was actually one of the best flight experiences we've had in a
55th Anniversary lesson learned,"Lesson learned at age 76. First, my wife and I most of the time fly on JetBlue. Every trip we have taken before now has been great. So we had no reason to expect anything bad otherwise. So, what we have learned when traveling to the Carribean. Be sure you flight is on a JetBlue"
Better than the last one,"again I would not call this business class. On this leg of our flight the aircraft felt cleaner brighter and it was obsessively newer. this made the flight nicer. JetBlue pushes 2 carryon bags 1 up and 1 under, but they do not enforce it. We saw people with 4 items that would"
2 leg flight first uh second good,"I would not call it business class, we paid for the extra leg room. The check in by computer did not work, so we had to check in at the counter, we were in line for about 20 mins or so, the lady was nice and said that we have paid for our bags if they are over weight it is"
Extra space seats are worth the extra $,"Originally we were supposed to fly out of Orlando on a different airline, due to Dorian that flight was cancelled so to keep on schedule we purchased tickets last min on JetBlue. The extra space seat were all they had left but they turned out to be so worth it. The TV kept my"
Avoid if flying out of Newark,"I usually try to stay away from Jet Blue when flying thru Newark, but since I was flying back fom Rome, they had a flight to Florida at 5:20pm ..I came arrived at 230 so it was an easy connection..or so I thought. When I arrived I immediately received a text that it was delayed"
Very helpful,We went on a trip to see the falls . The company we booked with had me down as a 4 month old baby which when meant I didn’t have a seat on the plane booked for me . It was a mistake they made as I had phoned with my details 2 days before . JetBlue was fantastic the staff on
The best flight ever,My wife and I traveled on Jetblue Mint in July. First of all if possible Mint is the absolute best way to fly. We purchase our tickets in November of the previous year. That is usually when the new schedule comes out for the following summer months. We have found the ticket
J E T B L U E !!!!!!,JETBLUE Is simply the best airline. They acknowledge my 21 yr anniversary and made a public announcement on the flight. Kuddos to JetBlue. No other way to fly.
Wheelchair,"If you have a family member with a disability get ready for a day of stress. I Requested for wheelchair assistance while booking online for a family member, you would think this Assistance would help the disabled to check in, and check their bags right? Not!! You have to do the"
They get the job done,They get the job done. Getting you where you need to be. Tell me hat airline offers above and beyond serivice anymore because I fly a lot and their all similar jet blue in my opinion hsd normal service the plane was comfortable for what I paid and they got me to Colombia safely
Double Duo,"My family and I went to FL for my birthday. I went to do a training for my Spa and we went to Disney so the little one could have fun. We stayed in Miami a few days then went to Disney. We had a blast. I LOVE, LOVE JetBlue I wish they went to Myrtle Beach and Miami. Hopefully"
Airline I Can Trust To Get Where I'm Going,I have flown many years and if there is one airline that gets you where you are going it's JetBlue. Great Staff excellent service and the extras you get you will not find anywhere else.
Horrible experience,"I was scheduled to fly on JetBlue, from JFK to Cancun at 7:30 am. I chose JetBlue because they offered the earliest flight to Cancun. I thought I was lying down on the beach by noon. Nope! That didn’t happen! my plan got ruined because the flight was delayed multiple times."
Bad service,To day in Logan international airport gate C21 JetBlue employee name Melisa Who was in charge of the flight she was extremely rude and on professional the way she treated me today as a customer she was at the counter when I approach her to ask her why I didn’t have seat
A Delightful Flying Experience,"From the day we booked this flight, our experience was positive. Actually, it began even before. We had planned to travel to San Diego in the spring, but my husband developed a hernia that needed repair. When I called the airline, a considerate agent entered the ticket price in"
New Favorite Airline!!,We recently had the opportunity to fly Jet Blue for the first time on a round trip flights from Philadelphia to Ft. Lauderdale. All I can say is that Jet Blue is my new favorite airline and I will fly them whenever possible. From the friendly staff at the airport to the crew
Love it!,JetBlue really knows how to treat their customers. I am a tall woman and always utilized the even more space service since they do not offer business class on my flight. The flights are always on time and the service is excellent. I travel quite often and this is my favorite
Best bang for your buck,JetBlue knows how to take care of customers. Their planes are clean and comfortable. Flights are convenient and on time. Every time I fly I try jetBlue first.
Trip from hell,"Flying from Boston to Boston via New York and flight was postponed. First for an hour and then 2 hours. I was worried. I had a connecting flight in New York, also on jetBlue to Bermuda. Staff assured me I would make that flight, especially when it was announced that the flight"
Good surprise,"We were pleasantly surprised with our recent Jetblue flight. We had a direct flight from Long Beach to Portland. We got a great price. Check-in process and boarding were smooth. The seats are very comfortable, and I think there is more leg room on this flight compared to other"
"Flight from Orlando, Fl to Buffalo. NY.","It was a nice flight with plenty of seat and leg room. The flight was on time, we arrived early on the way up and also arrived early on the return flight. We had a direct flight. The flight attendendance were helpful and the pilot came out to greet us individually and was"
Top Notch Domestic Airline,I always fly JetBlue when the route is available to my desired destination. I have never had a bad flight. Very pleasant captains and flight attendants. The flights generally arrive early. My last return flight left 35 minutes late from JFK (not the airline's fault) and
Nice flight,"We purchased the EvenMoreSpace tickets since the flight is 6 hrs long. In flight entertainment has good selections and I loved the ""unlimited snacks"". Service was good. It was a very comfortable experience."
Flying around a hurricane,"We had to change our flight from Tuesday to Thursday due to hurricane Dorian. I used a JetBlue service rep to make the changes, and he was extremely helpful in working out all the details. JetBlue doesn't have curbside check in at Newark, but once you get inside their staff is"
Staff at Newark are clueless!,"2 of us were traveling to Orlando on one reservation. An earlier flight had availability, so my traveling partner asked if she could get on the flight so that she could arrive home a bit earlier. The gate crew told her she couldn't unless I switched flights too, since we were"
Recommended,"Flight was comfortable, enough legroom, staffs are pleasant.on time. I am always pleased flying with jet blue"
Glad to be on Time,"Last year when we flew down to Orlando, we were stuck in JFK for a while. So it was really nice to actually leave and arrive at our destination on time."
Love the Blue !!!!,"Love the Blue. Modern planes. Flight Crew always polite,friendly and funny, Children watch movies and are not bored (4 hour) flight."
Great service,Good service. It was supposed to be a 6 hour flight but the pilot managed to land the plan 1 hour before. Which I could appreciate. Great inflight snack selections .
Generally a great experience with jetblue,"The flight attendants were welcoming, the seats were comfortable with plenty of legroom, and we departed on time and arrived slightly early. Overall a great experience."
Legroom is the ONLY pro for this airline,Our flight was delayed 7.5 hours. The only compensation we were provided was some free snacks and free water. I guess it’s better than nothing but we had booked an extra night at our hotel in NYC because we decided to come in one night earlier than we originally intended. So
never disappointed with jetblue,"have been traveling jetblue for a few years, especially to st.maarten. They are very accomodating to children and people that need wheelchair assistance. They rush you thru customs and assist you on and off the plane and help with luggage"
Bad Start Great Flight,"When delays pushed the notified departure to a time that would get us to West Palm at 3:00AM, I called JetBlue and changed my flight to the next day. Unfortunately there were almost no seats available. The representative upgrades my wife and myself to extra space seats at no"
Never disappointed with JetBlue,Airport was closed due to hurricane and opened a little after 12:00 noon. Flight was scheduled for around 3:00pm had a delay. As soon as plane got in they did a quick cleaning and we boarded and let. Arrived only about 20 minutes late. Pilot n crew members did a great job.
Fly Mynt when you can,"We went Mynt and if you plan it correctly, the price evens out...Mynt is one of the best flying experiences. You are treated well, the food is actually good and the long flights are bearable."
Legroom!,"Legroom was fantastic as my husband is 6' 4"" tall. Worth the upcharge. Smooth, direct flight from Buffalo to LA."
Plenty of leg room,Very pleasant flight crew. Excellent service plenty of leg room. I recommend this airline to or from Havana
Why not allow free same-day flight change??,"In general, JetBlue does so much right. It is hard to complain. However, on our recent flight, we arrived at the airport early enough to get on the earlier flight. Lots of seats available. Letting us switch would have been simple and the right thing to do. But, no. $75 each to"
GREATEST AIRLINE IF WE STAY IN 1920's,"I think Jet blue must go back to 1920's, By how they manage flight delays, And by how their customer service or help desk resisting to assist their customer properly is totally deserved a poor rating. They dont even notify their customer ahead of time that there is a"
Good flight,"It's easy to travel with Jetblue, starting with the reservation process to the flight itself. It has great service, good legroom and you don't get surprises with extra fees."
Always a pleasure,Since flying with JetBlue for the first time 10 years ago. They are my #1 airlines to fly. Friendly staff and the seats give you plenty of legroom. No need to buy extra legroom unless your extremely tall.
Airline company I was looking for,"My wife and I had a round trip recently with JetBlue - Cancún - Ft Lauderdale. It was our first time going with JetBlue and in spite of a four hour flight delay, we left feeling good about this flight (and the return flight, of course, which did not experience a massive"
JetBlue Flighrs,"I have taken Jet Blue flights from Charleston to Washington several times, most recently September. Always on time. I am tall and really appreciate the leg room in economy. Drinks and snacks also appreciated. Jet Blue prices are competitive."
Everything worked this time,"We boarded on time and there was plenty of room in the overhead. After we landed, luggage appeared on the carousel faster than usual. The service on the flight was efficient and cordial."
Exit row seats with plenty of leg room,plenty of leg room as upgraded to exit row chips and cookies were great no screaming children rude stewardesses great pilot as we arrived safely to our destination and on time
"Worse than Budget, Choose Another Airline","I can't get over how bad the customer service is and the ridiculous fees. They treat people who use points like trash and are truly the least helpful in all situations. I could go on for so long but if you're reading this, choose another airline."
Worst service ever.,Me and my friend had a flight from Detroit to Santo Domingo and it had 1 stop in Boston. The Detroit flight got delayed and therefore we missed our connection flight from Boston to Santo Domingo. We went over to the Just Ask desk and what they first offered us was to take the
On time!,"Ticket counter service, less than desirable. Failed to request wheelchair. Gate and inflight staff personable, friendly, helpful."
Fantastic experience in spite of four hour delay,"My husband and I flew a round trip recently with JetBlue - Cancún - Ft Lauderdale. It was our first time going with JetBlue and in spite of a four hour flight delay, we left feeling good about this flight (and the return flight, of course, which did not experience a massive"
No customer service,"My flight arrived in Boston at 8.30PM. The luggage appeared on the carousel and one wheel was broken off and missing, and another had the wheel housing pulled away from the luggage. I could not locate an airline representative or signage for an office site. When I called the"
Good Flight *Bonus Birthday Gift*!,"We flew into JFK (originally scheduled to fly into Miami) from the Bahamas just before Hurricane Dorian struck. We were lucky to get out in time! It was a much longer flight back to Los Angeles, but the airline made the adjustment for us for a safer way home. We weren't"
Extremely Unreliable Airline,"I wish there was a option for ZERO star or less. I missed two days of my all-inclusive vacation because of mechanical issues that turned into air traffic control issues, then turned into two sets of pilot change, later flight attendant switch, and finally a passenger that got"
Flight Attendants,"I will start by giving the biggest compliment and kudos to the flight attendants on my flight today from DCA to Puerto Rico. While in mid flight, one of the passengers had a heart attack and can I just say how well trained Lisa & Carlos are along with the rest of the crew."
Shocking experience,I’ve never thought that JetBlue the big and one of the best companies will do what’s best for them not for their people. We were stuck in the Bahamas for the hurricane all flights were cancelled except for our JetBlue flight kept delaying and delaying. All other flights told
"As most airlines, very unreliable scheduling","Like most of the american airlines, jetBlue is not 100% reliable in scheduling. At 2:30 am, I was about to head to the airport when I got an SMS stating that my 5:30 am flight will be delayed for 7 hours, no reason indicated. After ~20 minutes on their customer care hold, I was"
LUGGAGE RIP OFF,Im outraged i was charged $150.00 for my luggage 10 pounds over weight. If I would of known this I would have bought an extra carrier on bag but that would be difficult since i have fibromyaglia and cant carry stuff justa back pack I had one back pack and 1 check in luggage I am
Smooth flight,"I booked my flight thru JetBlue website. The booking process was painless and convenient. I checked in 24 hrs before the flight took off on my computer and got my boarding passes on my cellphone. At the airport, I just have to print my luggage tag. The flight took off on time"
Older Plane,"Seemed to be an older plane. No ports for USB devices such as a phone, etc. Movies available on flight couldn't be started when you wanted to watch. If you didn't luck out to engage from the beginning, were stuck watching from whatever point you joined the movie."
You can always count on JetBlue,"JetBlue always gets you there on time and with outstanding service. Plenty of legroom, leather seats and individual televisions create a first class experience."
Easy Flying,Overall my experience with JetBlue has been positive. I love the convenience of the app as well as the JetBlue card where you can earn flight points. The coach seats have good leg room. I travel to Florida often and we love the direct flights as well as the midweek flight offers
Amazing quality of service by Kitty!,We were flying back from Montego Bay and there were situations with the seat assignment. Kitty was super helpful and helped us with the adjustment. Kudos to the great customer service! We will choose JetBlue again because of this great experience!
Can’t wait,Can’t wait to hear that the flight will be delayed. And I was correct. It is delayed and they don’t even serve snacks because according to the FA that there is a turbulence but we don’t feel any. Maybe he is just too tired for the day..
Recommend JetBlue.,"Like flying this airline! Just don't have enough locations. On time, nice customer service, more leg room and free entertainment/internet/movies on each seat."
Will pick Delta over JetBlue from now on!,"I tend to use Delta for my travel because they seem to go everywhere I need to go. I recently tried to get tickets to Turks & Caicos and the Delta flights were booked, so I decided to try Jet Blue...well, I tried it, and I did not like it! They do board the back of the plane"
Direct Flight.,"Despite a late night flight.the advantage Jetblue flights are direct, planes are new and the best space between the seats."
Legroom,"Legroom AND shoulder room. Unless you’re a ‘petite’ size, most economy seats are a bit like pouring yourself into tight jeans. Then the seat in front of you tilts back into your face. Not on JetBlue."
Great Airline,Lovely non-stop flight. As a senior it always seems like a hassle to change planes. Absolutely love this service to and from Boston-Denver. JetBlue is now my go to airline. Thanks for great service
great airline,"I only fly JetBlue, the best company, comfortable leather seats, always on time, allow 22"" carry on bag, highly recommend"
Return from visit to relatives,"Flew on a brand new aircraft - very comfortable, improved legroom (I’m 6’7” and NEED it!), full flight, but good service."
Flew into ft lauderdale,Was my first time flying Jet Blue and thought the entire experience went off with out any problem. Staff was very friendly and attentive and it made for the entire experience becoming memorable.
Very Reasonable Airline,"The boarding crew did an excellent job keeping the crowd informed of the reason for the delay. The disappointing was how long the delay was, the flight was supposed to leave MCO (Orlando) at 8:40PM. The aircraft was not pulled out until 10:35PM, that is almost two hours. It"
Good,"A little pricey but expected due to summer peak travel. Flight was ok but very limited space for carry on luggage. Boarding staff and flight attendants DON'T enforce the 1 up and 1 under so smaller bags get stuffed in overhead bins, some persons put both pieces inside and then"
Best Airlines ever!,"No delays, smooth short 3hrs flight. They invited my son to check pilots cabin! I'm sure everyone knows already JetBlue is the best Airlines in US!"
JetBlue Best Airline around,"As soon as I walked into the JetBlue terminal and went looking for help, I was welcomed by a staff member at the kiosk . She made sure everything I was doing was done correctly. I actually think I can do it by myself the next time, thanks to her guiding me."
Another Smooth Flight,It was a nice enjoyable flight. In typical JetBlue fashion we left on time and arrived early into Las Vagas. As always since it was a six hour flight I got to catch up on my movies.
"Made a four hour flight quick and painless. Plus, we arrived 30 minutes early.","I was pleasantly surprised by the legroom, service level and entertainment available. Having wifi be free is a great resource as well - I could iMessage the entire flight, do work, and since there was an in-seat entertainment unit, I got to work and play while as comfortable as"
Free upgrade !,"Checking in at Buffalo to fly back to JFK and the ,lovely lady gave us a free upgrade ! Only extra legroom and an hours flight but we were chuffed ! For the price we paid would use again. Lovely staff and stewardess was amazing and constantly smiling !"
Fam reunion,JetBlue into Westchester airport was smooth and easy. Attendants were friendly and in-flight entertainment was available.
Nice leg room and screen but really cold,Nice legs space and a big screen quite comfortable however the temperature is really really cold especially traveling to a warm area like Florida we piled all the clothes we have in order to stay warm I think the temperature is around 60°
Love JetBlue,"I always fly JetBlue if the prices allow it. The seats were comfortable, they board from the back as they should, and the entertainment works as advertised."
Cant beat JetBlue,"Better leg room, better snacks that are free and fast and free wifi. Best of all I was able to watch the Pats on my flight home."
Love JetBlue!,"I used my JetBlue points for a trip to California to visit family & friends. Flight on time both ways,attentive staff & smooth sailing. Can't ask for more than that."
JetBlue flight,Comfortable flight throughout from Cancun to new York. Love ability to watch movies or listen to music and check on status of flight.
Consistent Service,I find JetBlue consistently provides decent service. Good flight crews and early/on time flight departure and arrivals.
Reliable Airline with great entertainment and good customer service,Check in was easy for me via mobile check in but I was traveling with my parents and the jetblue kiosks at JFK were not printing any boarding passes. They had to wait in line for 30+ minutes before I eventually just checked them in with the app and sent them their mobile
First Flight To Aruba,"jet blue has many flights per day to aruba, however i take the first direct flight out of jfk, usually land in aruba before noon, we are the first ones through the aruba airport, off to my car rental and on the beach by 1pm. if you book early that one way flight is usually under"
JetBlue Efficiency,JetBlue was organized and efficient--passengers were seated on time- no delays. Seating was comfortable and spacious. Flight was early staff made sure passengers were comfortable and they went above and beyond expectations. They had room for luggage you did not have to go
jet blue getting old?,"I love and have been flying Jet Blue for over 10 years. Lately,and with greater frequency the in flight TV/movie have been less than perfect and customers frequently complain their TV screen isn't working. As a result the flight attendants ,(almost routinely) re-boot the system."
Love Jet Blue!,"Everything was great from beginning to end. Comfortable seats, all the drinks and snacks you want, plus in-flight entertainment. Worth the extra money!"
Perfect,"We travelled from Buffalo to Orlando in the mid of August 2019 with family. Everything was perfect from booking online till check in. The only thing we would suggest is to add varities of snacks offered , particularly additions of plain chips. Besides this the entertainment"
It's good,It's a good airline with good comfort inside the cabin from leg room to seats. Staff are friendly and cooperative.
internal trip,Found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Service of airline not to bad. Legroom was sufficient and plane was clean.
Summer getaway,Go to kiosk first get baggage tickets and get on line jfk check in is very busy.have all your documents in order
Early Flight,"We flew to New York on this airline. It was nice, I had a good seat, it was fast we left Florida early in the morning and arrived in New York at 10:00am. It took about a half hour to get to the hotel."
Smooth Trip from start to finish,From check in to boarding everything went smooth no delays. Good flight we actually arrived a few minutes earlier. I fly this airline often.
Broke luggage. Tried to hide it.While I was walking in JFK it broke open in main terminal and all the contents spilled,"jetBlue used to be a special airline but in the past 5-10 years they have become like any other airline. We used to have 6 fully booked flight to RSW a day during season and 3 off season. Now we have 2 flight all year, One is really early. We put them on the map but it seems"
Comfortable ride,I have confidence with Jetblue being on time and their efficiency. Its my choice of selection compare to other airlines.
JETBLUE has no one on their level,"At LGA, they now occupy the old Maritime building and getting in and out is a breeze. TV for everyone. Unlimited music for everyone. Available WIFI that actually work, as compare to UNITED that is absolutely horrible."
Vacation to Cancun,We traveled from PR to Cancun. When we came back our luggage were not ready. They brang the luggage broken to my home next day. I lost many things like crafts.
not enough seating,"they really dont rty and put families together, and could care less.... tried multiple times even with upgrading couldnt do it."
I use them to fly from Boston to Arizona,"It's a non stop flight in the middle of the night. If you can sleep on an airplane, than this is the flight for you. Most of the extras that you pay for on other airlines, are included in the Jetblue price. The seats are bigger. They have TV's on the back of the seats ( I prefer"
My experience with JetBlue.,"My experience with JetBlue is great!!!! Plenty of legroom, everywhere!!!!! Plus unlimited snacks. Whenever I fly to the Caribbean, I always choose JetBlue. I recommend this airline very highly!!!!"
Flight,"Flight there was great , loading quick and easy even with small kids . Loaded from back first . Flight back home , they loaded from the front , which caused the process to be much longer and as usual no space for carry-on ."
Will fly again,"Great service, roomy seats, friendly flight staff, we have no hesitation in referring potential customers to JetBlue"
JetBlue,"Plenty of leg room, seats are very comfortable, hostess was very good. Very good price for flight ..have flown jetblue quite a few times and would recommend highly"
Value for money,The first time we ever heard of this airline was when our agent booked reasonably good priced tickets on this airline. The online check in only starts 24 hours before the flight and each check in bags cost $30. The online check in process itself was fairly easy; so was the
Great Flight!,I’ve always had a great experience flying on JetBlue so far but Aaron on flight 131 made this trip exceptional! Traveling with three little kids isn’t easy but he helped make it just a little more bearable!:) Thanks again!!
Love Flying Jet Blue but not Long Beach Airport,"I always enjoy flying Jet Blue. The flight is usually on time without delays. Although there were delays during out last trip to Long Beach, it was not the airlines fault. It was due to weather issues and a sick passenger. I was surprised that when you land at the Long Beach"
Staff took excellent care of my elderly mother,My elderly mother is legally blind and very hard of hearing. Plus she needs a wheelchair to get around if its more than a short distance. We needed to fly her from my sister's house to mine. We made all of the arrangements with JetBlue for special services she needed. The
Super nice flight attendants and smooth flight to St Maarten,These pilots MUST be first class professional with flying into this very famous airport. Smooth flying from start to finish; felt very safe. The flight attendants were friendly and strict at the same time. We left 15 minutes early and landed 10 minutes early. Because we were so
Florida Before The Hurricane,"Prior to leaving BDL I changed my return flight home from MCO due to hoopla re hurrican dorian. Contacted Jet Blue while in Florida after learning wavers were being given due to hurricane. They were fantastic, even though I was on the phone for an hour, many other people were"
Very nice flight,The Mint class is one of the best options to fly domestic. The sleeper seats are quite comfortable and the service is very nice. The flight attendants are very helpful and always ready to offer you something!
"flight cancelled, not given other options","My first and last time booking/attempting to fly with JetBlue. understandable our connecting flights were cancelled because of the hureicane in Florida, however JetBlue did not have any alternative solutions to fly us home after keeping us on hold for 90 minutes. ot was our"
Great mostly,"Everyone was terrific except the entertainment console, which kept freaking out and reverting back to the menu throughout the flight."
Another JET BLUE disapointment,Even with paying for extra leg room in the front row we were cramped and felt dirty. When you lifted the table tops out of the arm rest all I saw was dirt crusted on the arm of the table. It was the same on my wife's and the guy sitting next to me which was my second
Hmmmmmm!!!!!,"The flight going to wasn't so great only because the people seated behind me was loud,obnoxious and made fun of the fear of other passengers by making comments about the plane crashing, I couldn't watch a movie because the screen wasn't working. Finally the alcohol kicked in and"
The only airline that still allows room,"Quick flight but so much better than the others. The seats are actually comfortable. The seats are a standard 18"" wide with fantastic pitch. Each seat has its own television and remote/headphone jack. The only issue I continue to have with Jetblue is that they charge for checked"
Excellent travel experience,"Efficient, convenient, in flight movies, no nickel and diming over carry on bags, great communication Highly recommend"
Disappointing,"Our plane was showing some wear and tear, and I didn't think it was cleaned up very well between flights. Also, upon our returning home, we had a connecting flight from Chicago to Decatur, IL. Our luggage did not make it onto the plane (and we had a fairly lengthy lay over). "
Regular carrier service level at a discount price,This is a very professionally operated airline with good equipment and professional crews. You feel like you are flying one of the major carriers.
Holiday Vacation,"JetBlue is a great airline to travel wherever you might decide to go. They always have non-stop flights, very accommodating, the service on board is excellent and the extra space seats are wonderful. Highly recommended and have never had an issue using this airline."
Reliably excellent service at budget prices,"I have flown Jet Blue numerous times between JFK and California and have never been disappointed. Planes are well-maintained and clean, seats are comfortable, particularly when considering that this is marketed as a ""budget"" airline. Customer service is excellent with"
"Better snacks, roomy seats. Always on time. Lots of direct flights","Great airline, always on time. Friendly attendants. Pretty decent prices. Direct flights are a plus."
Extremely helpful!,I had back surgery a year ago and can not stand long or walk very far. Everyone was so helpful with me. They supplied me with a wheelchair and escort. There was no way I would have been able to walk all the way to the terminal. They were pleasant and accommodating. JetBlue is
Great Customer Service,The person that purchased my ticket had made a mistake and had booked me for the following night. The Counter ladies got me on the plane even when we had very little time.
Comfortable 5 hour flight,Very nice and comfortable flight. Thankfully they are still one of the airlines that don't charge extra for carry-on bag.
Blaming weather for pilot's incompetance,"On Aug 28th JetBlue cancelled my flight from St Martin to New York, because I was originating in ST Martin they told me I had to find myself lodging as I was a resident - I am not, I reside on a neighboring island and by the time my flight was cancelled there was NO WAY HOME."
Always delayed,I traveled with my family last August round trip with Jet Blue . We had 3 children (10-12 years) and both our flights were delayed. We almost missed check in because late check in was until 4 Am and we arrived at Orlando FL at 5:15 . We were supposed to arrive at 1AM.The hotel
Not perfect but close enough,"I try to use JetBlue Airline whenever possible because the airline provides good service compared to others. Even though they also charge for the check-in back just like others, I can still bring onboard one carry-on plus a personal bag for free. So I try to avoid checking in a"
"ON TIME, GREAT FLIGHT, GOOD PRICE","We did online check-in and were TSA approved, which made it a little easier to get through security. We got our luggage tags at the kiosk and a JetBlue employee was there to assist us. It was a very smooth process to just drop our bags and go to the gate. Boarding was an"
Easy flight - great room,Seat space is great on this airline. They are very accommodating - the gentleman at the gate helping those in wheelchairs (5 of them) was very kind. He kept checking on them. Sometimes it is not your experience that you observe - but that of others and how they are treated.
Inflexible staff,"Returning from South Africa, we realized that we could get an earlier flight to Portland. The JetBlue terminal was chaotic, confusing and without any staff trying to manage the chaos. Loads of people were confused, including us,without any one to ask for guidance as to where we"
JetBue is the Best - Perfect!,"Love JetBlue ... Easy to make reservations on line... If you need to call, very courtesy employees who will make your flight stress free! Had to wait a while on hold but well worth the wait... Upcoming Hurricane Dorian I am sure caused it! The captain we had is a great pilot"
great flight,Great flight All the crew was great and very helpful. Lots of seat room and elbow room. Snacks and soda available free of charge. Best airline to fly !!!!
Leg Room and Entertainment,I always fly JetBlue I always ask for emergency exit seats as there are only two seats by door. No matter where you sit there is more legroom than most Airlines. You also have the option to rent movies or watch numerous channels for free.
"Again, Great Airline","Flying to Orlando with a 5 year old child. This airline knows how to do it right. We had assigned seats the day I booked the flight, 3 months prior to our trip. Everyone boarded in an orderly fashion. The flight attendants were very friendly. The flight was very quiet and calm"
Red eye from Seattle to JFK,"jetBlue has the best service and entertainment around. Getting a choice of free snack from an airline is a treat. Our cross country flight was on time and as quick and painless as possible, even though it was 100% full. We were invited to check our carry on at the gate. Leg room"
Everything went very smooth.,We had a connecting flight in JFK to Moscow and then another flight to Ljubljana. Our bags were checked straight through from CLT and they arrived in Ljubljana. I was able to print all our boarding passes at home prior to the trip. The only problem was that Aeroflot doesn't
"A stressful week away, but much easier because of Jet Blue!","I was returning from Nashville as a result of a family emergency. I inadverntently made a mistake with my flight day and time. Initially, the Jetblue agent couldn't help at all. So instead of stressing, I checked if I could find an alternative to the flight. I couldn't, so I"
"New York City to West Palm Beach, FL",Jet blue strives to help customers feel comfortable and informed when flying. The staff is friendly and ready to listen!
"JET BLUE DESERVES MANY CHECKS..on time off and land, limitless snacks, great crew, smooth operation","Good fares, on time departure early landing, great crew, helpful throughout the flight to all who asked, wide leather seats.. I fly all airlines and will choose Jet Blue whenever I can."
"Best Domestic Airline, hands down","I love Jetblue. I travel weekly and I will always choose JetBlue over any other airline. The space, free wifi, free tv and movies, and friendly staff is second to none. I know Southwest is pretty great as well but I prefer the option to pick my seat ahead of time and have the"
The worst flight of my life!,"One of those experiences that makes you reevaluate your life, maybe G-d was mad at you for something............... We got to the airport on time and moved through everything to the gate normally, screen said the flight was delayed, but listed all the initial times so I didnt"
"Pleasant, no hassle service","First flight on JetBlue, and with a broken leg! They were pleasant and efficient - which naturally I appreciated - but didn't disrupt or delay other passengers. I wish they flew more routes that I use out of Chicago."
Love this airline!,"We were flying out for a wedding and we didn't want to take a red eye so we took a late afternoon flight. Everything wes great we left on time, we got in early and it was smooth all the way."
Always Late,"We flew with you the whole summer since June 16, 2019, August 16, 2019, and August 22, 2019 on every occasion our flight was delayed.Now my return flight is scheduled for September 12th, from LGA New York, to Ft. Lauderdale, will it be delayed that is the question?What happened"
I  you JetBlue,"First of all, I would like to say that JetBlue Airlines was awesome the seats were a soft plush leather very comfy and you had a lot of leg room which was standard through out the plane you didn't have to upgrade for leg room seating which most airline do offer for a"
Great Flights,"Jet Blue has for the most part been our go to airline. The planes are clean, the staff very friendly and helpful and on time departure and arrivals . Our rest trip was no exception. The wheelchair for my husband was right there when we arrived at the airport and when we arrived."
Jet Blue,Excellent - I travel every year to Mexico and always fly Jet Blue. Never had any serious problems to date.
Love Jet Blue,Flew with my dad who needed wheelchair assistance. The chair was ready for him and the most pleasant attendant got him through security and to the gate. He was apprehensive about making the trip and the ease really relaxed him.
Great leg room,This was our first time on JetBlue and we really enjoyed the plane ride. My daughter and I are both 5’9” and we didn’t feel cramped at all. The staff were pleasant and we enjoyed the choices of snacks.
Jamaica 2019,"excellent flight, great staff, comfy seats, what more can you ask for. entertainment was very good with lots of choices, sets reclined to a good amount and flight attendants were friendly and professional as well as pilots who kept us informed throughout entire flight."
Always reliably good,"I was a career business flyer and had to use other airlines, but almost always chose JetBlue for personal flights. Now that I am retired I fly JetBlue almost exclusively. This trip, as with most of my JetBlue trips, was a good experience from booking, through check-in, the"
"I love them, but they are always LATE.........always!!!!!!!!!","As far as I am concerned, JetBlue is a great airline. If, they weren't always LATE. And, I mean ALWAYS. I think every flight I have taken with them over the past few years has been late. Every. Single. One. Of. Them. It is really frustrating in that they are one of a few"
Great flight,Super easy and on time ! Easy to board and get off . Luggage never gets lost on JetBlue! I love the email updates and online check in. I have the credit card and the app so it makes it super simple to book and get points
More Leg Room Than Expected!,"This was our first flight on JetBlue and we were pleasantly surprised with the comfortable seats and the GREAT leg room! All JetBlue employees, from gate personnel to flight attendants, were knowledgeable, courteous and friendly."
Jet Blue is the best discount airlines,"When I travel always try to fly jet blue all things equal. You get to bring on a carry on, get beverages and snacks, movies, and choose your seats for no additional cost. The personnel are always friendly."
Marcia's experience,"Took off and landed on time which was very important, passport clearance on the Island was a little long. Also when I arrived home and received some bills from the Airline, were very petty and we were never told about before hand"
JetBlue direct to JFK,"Flight was good overall. TV's did not work, nor did my overhead light. It was impossible to read my magazines without any light. Service was good. Will take the flight again because it is direct to Boston and NY."
Always Great!,I've been flying with JetBlue for years and have had an overall great experience with them. Rarely delayed and always great on board service. Will be flying to San Juan P.R. in a few months and will be upgrading to business class. Looking forward to the next level!
Excellent!!!,"In all honestly, it was one of the best experiences I have ever had flying with them. The only downside was that I could not use the electronic format in Punta Cana. I had to go to the counter and print out my boarding pass. Also, I really don't understand of why did they have"
My airline of preference,I think that check in and flight service is excellent. I've never had a problem with them in that department. The only thing that is a little negative is that lately they have alot of delays. I usually travel about 3 times a year for work and pleasure and I've noticed that we
excellent experiencs,"First flight with JetBlue. Have been a Medallion customer with Delta for many years, but just cant deal with flying to LA via atlanta. Will be flying with blue again and often"
"Great legroom, Free WiFi and more...","Though JetBlue will cost you more than other airlines to Newark, they provide a much better in-flight experience--and they don't nickel and dime you to do it. The plane had individual entertainment screens, free WiFi and--best of all--more legroom!"
The Best airline ever!!!!,"From the first time my husband and I flew Jet Blue, we vowed to always try and fly this airline whenever possible. The entire experience was excellent from start to finish. The level of service, the leg room, the comfortable seats, all were just so wonderful. If we have to"
JetBlue makes air travel comfy,"Had a great flight, Jim and I highly recommend JetBlue's staff, snacks, seating, leg room. The only drawback is we had to use a ramp to board, awkward to drag our carry-on luggage up a fairly steep ramp. We did get to use the standard jetway instead on two instances."
Most convenient way to get from New York City to Tamarindo,"We love traveling with JetBlue, especially out of JFK in New York City. The terminal is clean, big and bright. On this trip we discovered T5 Rooftop Lounge, which is a comfortable open air lounge area in the terminal open to all passengers. Very pleasant way to wait for your"
Safety concern,"I flew JetBlue to bring my family on a Barbados vacation. It seems to have turned into a no-frills airline. You have to pay for everything onboard the plane (headphones Lunch, alcohol, etc). But that's not my main Beef. My main concern is safety. Namely, instead of giving the"
Nice flight,"I had not flown on Jet Blue for several years. The flight was nice but not the Jet Blue of old days. No more hand running beverages, not many smiles and not the wonderful friendliness that jet Blue has a reputation for. In other words, it is no different than any other airline."
Good flights,"Our flight up to New York was perfect, on time, nice folks. The flight back was delayed 6 hours due to bad weather in Florida. Small airport with nothing to do and it was cramped because ours wasn't the only delayed flight. Good Airline."
Really glad I found this airline,"I forgot that flying could be actually a pleasant experience. On time, extra legroom, pick my seat, free Wi-Fi and a snack. I even got points for my dog flying with me."
Love Jet blue,"I have nothing but outstanding things to say about Jet blue, the company the staff , I have taken many many flights with them over the years and only twice were we delayed and it was because of weather not JetBlue ! I recommend to everyone , a very happy loyal customer ."
great flight even though there was turbulance,"Safe, friendly--a great flight even though the flight was delayed. Everyone was relaxed even though it became a late flight."
I would ONLY FLY JET BLUE if I could,"I can’t say enough about Jet Blue and their excellent staff! They were dealing with full flights on both of my recent trips, they were dealing with a different plane being delivered to the gate so the seat configurations didn’t match and they managed to get everyone"
Nice cross country flight,No one likes being stuck in a plane for 6+ hours but Jet Blue was at least fairly comfortable. coming back I had a red-eye and an empty seat next to me which was really nice. Going out the entertainment was decent. Some food options but I would bring what you like for a meal.
Love Jet Blue,"I have not flown anywhere for a long, long time. When I did, I always used Jet Blue (for as long as it has been around). The little TV was the best thing to keep you occupied while you were flying. Loved the blue potato chips. Found the seat area to be comfortable - it was a"
the Hurricane does not arrive and we remain in the airport until 2 am and cancelled the flight for a flighattender,"we changed our flight , so we moved a day before to avoid the pass of the recent hurricane and the airlines tell us that there was no problem in the flight at 10.50 pm. we arrived in the airport and nobody say nothing , when the time pass they start tell us that the pilot are"
Vacation time,Jet blue is a great airline. No delays with easy check in at the airport The flight was on schedule both ways.
accommodating and accountable,"The usual of making sure everyone had the snack and food they wanted, but from the pilot to the flight attendants anything that wasn't going 110% smoothly was explained. It is awesome to feel like you are in the know during travel, so everyone was less stressed (and probably"
Best airline for budget travel,"Jet Blue is always our 'go to' airlines for anywhere. Period. No-surprises or add-on pricing (some airlines these days even charge more if you have a carry-on bag, not to even mention having a seat assignment before the last possible minute!), no-hassle seating selection"
Everything else went right but over 2 hours delay is kind of too much.,"Great staff, excellent airplane and seats but the long delay was too bad. It might be caused by outside problems but the bottom line is that I got there 2 hours after planned. The check in in Fort Lauderdale was not good. The auto monitors would not do my check in."
always choose JetBlue,Flight was on time and the crew was great. Responsive crew. We even got in early. info at the gate in NYC was also clear.
Just another airline,JetBlue used to be a nice alternative to the other airlines with tv screens at every seat. Now the screens are blurry and small. The sound is horrible with the jacks being old. They now sell blankets and headsets. So bring a jacket as they make it cold on the flight to sell
Jet Blue - consistently delivers good service,"Consistent service, good legroom in economy seats, pleasant service, on-time departure and arrival. Jet Blue manages the check in process well. Turns back people who are trying to board early/in room group."
"When my flight was cancelled, I was returned my fare.",I have been happy travelling with jet blue. The crew is extremely polite and helpful. The snacks are. generous.
JetBlue whenever possible!,JetBlue has the most comfortable seats and I love the individual seat back entertainment system. I always try to fly JetBlue even when the connections are not the best. I hope they expand to more airports.
Boston to FLL,"Always like to fly JetBlue. Unfortunately, the flight was delayed three hours arriving from Denver, but came in and got into FLL as last flight in on Sunday night before Hurricane closed the airport. The TV didn't work well in neither of the three seats in our row with"
Mint,"Tried the Mint seating for this trip There are only a few of these up in the front of the plane You get very fast personal service , choice of meals and drinks Most importantly, the seats are able to go flat and you are able to get sleep while you fly I’m 6 foot 3 and I was"
Wonderful Flight,Our flights to and from Grand Cayman on Jet Blue were excellent. I had requested wheel chair assistance for my husband and a friend and Jet Blue was right there are all locations with wheelchairs. The flights were all on time with no issues at all. We love using Jet Blue.
Family birthday trip,The whole flight it was with a turbulence but it was ok. The flight attendance round trip was not good enough. The plane wasn’t clean and the flight attendance not go through to pick the garbage and when I went to ask one of them where I can throw it she didn’t stand up or
Flying with Dorian,Considering that hurricane Dorian was still live and wrecking havoc along the east. The pilot advised that we will not be flying near the hurricane to get to BQN. The flight was better than when we fly without any hurricanes and arrived before schedule. JetBlue is my favorite
"Annual trip to Boston, MA","Jet blue is always the best airline to fly. Plenty of leg room, congenial staff and on time. Easy to maneuver through lines."
Smooth like butter,"I just love jetblue. Everything about the Airline is great from the on time performance, seating, in flight drink and snack choices. They will never disappoint you."
Very nice informative airline,"Very nice comfortable flight. Departed a little late, however we were updated continually so we could contact persons meeting us in Montego Bay of new arrival time."
First time JetBlue Passenger,As a First time JetBlue Passenger I had no complaints. The flight was smooth and the staff was friendly.
Seems somethings not working here.,"Plane was delayed from Fll. Maintenance issue. Delayed numerous times so that eventually missed connecting flight from FLL to ATL. We had to spend the night. Next day flight delayed because pilots delayed coming in from Columbia and flight crew delayed coming from Boston, more"
Nice flight,"Flight was beautiful new plane, tv's worked, very comfortable, flight attendees were very nice. fly jetblue and they are great."
First time on JetBlue was great.,"They advertise ‘more legroom than other airlines’ and it’s true. More room in front of my knees than other flights I’ve been on. Full can of pop, instead of small glass. All personnel were very nice, friendly, and competent."
Great leg room and on time both ways,Pleasantly surprised that the leg room and comfort of the seats hasn't been compromised like so many other carriers. Very friendly and helpful crew on both directions of our trip. Will definitely try to fly them more often.
Flight Attendants: The Flight is not over until everyone is OFF the plane!,"One of my biggest pet peeves with the Airlines is why don't these Flight Attendants announce we are going to be de-boarding the plane, ""passengers, please gather all of your belongings"", announce when the plane door is Open and passengers are now starting to de-plane. Usher"
New England Vacation,"I highly recommend JetBlue Airlines. Our flights (outbound and inbound) were fantastic. Left right on time and arrived right on time. And while in the air attendants were great, they were very courteous and did everything they could to make the flight enjoyable."
Nice Flight,Very nice flight. With TV in seat back. Arrived approx 30 min earlier. Smooth take off and landing. Very happy.
Short Vacation Trip,Despite a delayed departure due to prior legs being delayed - overall experience is as expected with JetBlue.
Can’t wait,We are excited to board the plane because according to the forecast it will be on time which is so rare for Jetblue flights but thankful it was on time.
We Always Fly JetBlue!!,"We Love flying with JetBlue!! Our son & daughter-in-law live in Las Vegas, so we try to visit them as often as their work schedules allow!! JetBlue Never disappoints!! Comfortable seats, wonderful airline personnel, and a no-hassle way to make a reservation, check-in, and board"
Fallen Off,My wife and I were always big fans off jet blue from the beginning Like any new company they start off great Couple years of doing a good job Then profits get in the way Planes don't get fixed like seats not reclining bathrooms not working tv's Broken And I guess a $15 dollar
Winter break,"Always a pleasure to fly jet blue, excellent crew , smooth ride , good cofffee , a plus to have wiffi"
Flight was on time but the customer service on the plane is poor.,Not really sure how to rate this. The plane was on time and we got to and from safely on a non stop flight. So... that's the good news and really all that matters. I do like that the entertainment screen in in front of you so you don't have to down load an App and watch on
JetBlue,JetBlue great Flight. Good service. Don't nickle & dime the customer for seats etc etc Friendly staff. Serve beverage & snacks. Great airline especially in this new environment.
Wonderful Experience,"We boarded and were on our way 20 minutes earlier which was awesome! Extremely courteous crew, I have a 2 yr old and a 7 yr old so things can get tense! But they were there with a smile to help me keep things under control. love flying JetBlue"
Round trip from Boston to Phoenix,"My husband and I purchased extra leg room for these flights. ON the way to Phoenix, our flight was held up due to a woman refusing to check her child's car seat. She ended up sitting behind us and her children kicked our seats for the entire 5 hour flight. On the return flight,"
Horrible flight,"Our flight was at 4:30pm, after being delayed 3 times they finally told us that our plane was broken and they were trying to fix it. Three screws were missing and they could not reach them to fix it. Finally at 8pm they decided to fly out anyways and thought it “was relatively"
The best,"Great airline, free tv and movies, leather seats and great prices when you book early. Friendly staff that try to make flying better then it is today compared to before 911."
jetBlue Falls Short Again......,"I paid for jetBlue's Even More Space product which is supposed to give you extra leg room, expedited check in, and early boarding. I was very surprised to see that jetBlue did not provide the expedited check in that was paid for on both legs of the trip. jetBlue should refund"
Charging for EVERYTHING!,My go to airline has always been Jetblue. The service and comfort compared to other airlines for the price have always been worth a little extra money. The problem is they have started a new policy where they charge travel companions to be seated together. My husband and I
Surprise!,My husband and I have always preferred Southwest but they did not fly our route so we chose JetBlue for the price and timing. We liked it a lot! It really was roomier and everything about the flight was great except the long layover coming home in Fort Lauderdale but we really
Mint,If you can use mint class do so. Well worth the cost for a long flight.Service and seating are excellent. good choice of on board entertainment. Food selections are varied and well presented. Priority boarding and luggage first off as well.
I love JetBlue Airlines!,I love JetBlue Airlines! My flight was excellent and so was the service. The flight was on time and very short but very enjoyable.
reliable flight for a red eye,on time; good value; I use this flight (often full flight) to get to the east coast quickly and on time
great seats very comfortable and somewhat of a leg room,"great flight until we got to Florida and found out our baggage was broken, they are sending us a new and gave a $30 credit which we could not use to pay for our bag fee it can only be used if we fly again with jet blue, which I did not like because we paid for out luggage to go"
Trip to Fort Lauderdale,"Jet Blue doesn't charge for every little thing; i.e. Seat (particular row/seat), baggage (check in or carry on) like other airlines do."
Airline review,We recently had 4 flights in 5 days on Jr Blue. Mco sju stt mco. These were our first flights on Jet Blue. We found the overall experience excellent. The ground team and flight team were outstanding. Very personable and helpful and equipment was in great shape. We will
Good flight pre Dorian,One of the pilots went out of his way to help me on board and off! I have recently had two knee replacements. The flight was generally smooth in spite of a lot of major cloud formation due to Dorian. The pilots did a very fine job!
Excellent Flights,"Great Flights!!! Both flights were on time (as a matter of fact, one was even early), crew was terrific and I encountered no issues on either flight."
LGB to SMF,"Years ago Southwest had the stranglehold on this route but with Long Beach being so much easier than LAX, JetBlue is the only way to go for me. Great friendly service always. On time just about always and often arrives ahead of schedule. You pay an extra fee for the ""more leg"
Jetblue the Best,I love Jetblue. That is the only airline I will fly need assistance getting to and on the plane they always so helpful. the stewards are always very nice and will assist you if you need help.
Getaway to Las Vegas,"JFK is not my favorite airport because of the horrible traffic to get there. The saving grace is in terminal 5, there are many eateries, restaurants and shops to occupied your time. We had an early evening flight to Las Vegas and arrived early to avoid the lines. The"
Wonderful compared to my usual trips on American Airlines,"RT flights from Phila to Boston (same day). 7am flight from Philly actually departed gate 15 minutes ahead of schedule as everyone was boarded and ready to go. Flight was uneventful, service good, inflight entertainment good. Return flight in afternoon was on-time, arrived on"
not a frequent flyer but will put Jet blue first,"Jet blue does not offer first class but extra leg room, that being said we were way in the back of the plane and the leg room was awesome. because we don't fly often we are more nervous then some, Jet blue could not have been more helpful from check in to check out. I would"
First Trip on JetBlue Was a Thumbs Up!,"Flew JetBlue from Oakland to Martha's Vineyard last week of August 2019. First experience with JetBlue and I can't say enough about how great it was. Flights were on time, plane was clean, and fellow passengers were nuisance free. Got hungry on the way back home so purchased"
"Flights from Cleveland to Port Au Prince Haiti, via Fort Lauderdale","Good airline, flights were comfortable and planes were nice, with good entertainment options. Would definitely recommend. Only complaint was the long layover in Fort Lauderdale, and though the delay I experienced in Ft. Lauderdale was weather related, I feel an earlier flight"
jet blue yo Costa Rica,"flite was delayed coming home but all else was wonderful. Great seats, clean, friendlyand very well priced. Free bag in checking, and free carry on. This is the best economical way to go . A few dollars more than Spirit but you dont rick your life on every flite as with Spirit"
Vacation,"Flight was nice, just a little bumpy here and there other wise was very pleasant and the flight attends are alwasy pleasant. I would reccomend JetBlue to all."
Nice flight.,Jet Blue has been our airline of choice for quite awhile. The flight was a good one. We did want to purchase sandwiches on-board but were told there was no food available other than snacks as the flight was too short. Hot tip: if your JB flight is short and you want a sandwich
Horrible,After engine failure before take off it took over 6 hours for them to finally cancel the flight and get people either a flight on another airline or refund tickets. Will never use them again.
Excellent flight!,It was my first time flying to and from via JetBlue and it was awesome. So far that is my favorite airline.
Trip to Vegas for a wedding,"I always fly Jet blue if possible. They have the best staff, Captains, Co Captain and flight attendants. Everyone is always friendly, helpful and ready to assist in anyway possible. The flights are always on time or earlier very rareley late. I trust their planes are in great"
Not happy with Jet Blue at all!,Jetblue treated my husband and I very poorly upon boarding at the gate. We received assigned seats at check in and we were seated next to each other. Then they pulled us aside right before boarding and said they had to change our seats for another family so they could sit
Best Long Flight Ever!,"I flew Jetblue for a 4 hour direct flight and loved it! First, the seats are spread out a little like business class so there is plenty of leg and foot room. The seats seem a little wider than standard seats and very comfy. Jetblue had inflight wifi so I was able to txt and"
Loads of Leg Room!!!,"Two hour direct flight, so convenient and comfortable. Coming home the weather kept us from landing so we were diverted for a while to the tarmac at Tampa. The personnel were very good at keeping us informed of the situation as unfortunate as it was to be delayed 2 hours...I"
Best service in market!,"Great service, friendly crew members, clean and specious sitting area, unlimited snacks! I love the service."
Very comfortable flight,Flew Jet Blue from NY to RNO. Very comfortable flight. Decent snacks and drinks. Easy boarding process. I don’t usually fly Jet Blue and was pleasantly surprised.
Great time made,Great service and made great time. I always fly Delta but JetBlue exceeding my expectations. I would fly them again.
Great airline! Use them all the time.,"Great flight. Great service. Attendants were courteous and pleasant. Fly them all the time when I visit my daughter in Charleston, SC. I fly at the least wo to three times a year. Checking in at FLL can sometimes be challenging but they try to expedite but the long lines"
Great time of flights to fit my schedule.,"Flight was delayed due to Florida weather, but worth the wait. Jetblue staff was supportive and user friendly. My favorite airline."
anything from Newark usually is delayed,"I do enjoy Jet Blue and fly them whenever possible, but sadly Newark Airport is always a nightmare.Jet blue keep you informed and they are polite and snacks are in abundance, this particular flight the TV s were not working but was given a credit"
Airline from hell,"I was a loyal JetBlue customer for over 15 years. In past 3 months I flew with them 6 flights, out of those 4 were delayed between 5-11hours, one was cancelled and the last late one, I got removed for complaining to the CS for treating their customers like cattle. By that I"
Service and comfort,Stephanie C went out of her way to explain everything we needed to know about switching flights. It was more like talking to a family friend than an employee of a corporation. Jet Blue must treat their employees well to produce such a patient and helpful person who focused
First time flyer with JetBlue,This was our first time flying with JetBlue. Thoroughly enjoyed the flight to Cancun and then return to Orlando. I did upgrade going to Cancun but wasn’t given the option on the return flight. But we had decent seats anyway and it saved us money not to upgrade. Not happy
Unusual delay for my favorite airline,"I love JetBlue and fly them whenever possible. Our last flight was unusual for a very lengthy delay of 5-6 hours...a long time to kill in an airport. I did get advisories about the first delay, but we were traveling from a distance to the airport and we didn't get the notices"
"Delays, and More Delays","This flight was supposed to depart at 5:08PM, and was delayed a few times, finally departing 2+ hours late. Communication as to what was going on was very slight and left us wondering what on earth was the delay THIS time. Very annoying, to say the least. And the plane was"
Overhead bin chaos!,It would be nice if they would stop the passengers that are sitting further back in the plane from using the bins in the front. I was sitting in row 1 and there was no space around me when I got on board.
Planes are getting older and maintenance is not up to the task,The planes are getting older and maintenance is not up to task. I was at door to plane when I was told to return to terminal so the could fix a problem. This is occurring much more frequently with this airline. Planes are also not a clean as they should be so bring wipes.
"Fortunately, it was an uneventful round trip.","The round trip was fortunately, uneventful. The flights were on time, crew was professional and friendly. There were many children on the flights including our 6 1/2 year old grandson and there was no commotion and the crew was very attentive to the needs of parents with young"
First Class Economy Service!,Staring off an internacional vacation (15+ hrs of travel ahead) my JetBlue redeye flight was relaxing and smooth. Crew had the best ambiance for this early flight providing a first class economy service.
Smooth flight,The flight was comfortable but we were not served any meals. For such a long flight a meal should be served. Luckily we had a proper meal before boarding.
The Stewardess,The Stewardess is talking and explaining something to other passengers but shes not facing us thats why we didnt understand what shes saying and then shes gonna ask us if we understand what she explain.
Sexy Sixty Birthday Party,Favorite airline ever! I flight staff rocked ! So worth paying a bit more for extra space. So comfortable and I got see Alladin
"Good seats, efficient staff",Paid for the extra space. It was worth it. Plane was on time. Plenty of leg room. Even had some free snacks and drinks.
Cabin crew - rude and not helpful & Terminal 5,We took the jet blue flight between New York and Vegas. Having looked up the options we were told Jet Blue is the best pick. We took the flight on 6th sep 2611 flight number. It was a noon flight. It was the first time we were ever using jet blue. Overall check-in experience
Gotta love Mint; the best airline,"JetBlue is my favorite airline. Great service - the flight attendants are always fantastic. Great food (yes, this airplane food is actually good) with multiple options and the signature complimentary cocktail is awesome. They provide individual bottles of Dasani water. The"
Love Jet Blue,We flew out of Ft. Lauderdale-Hollywood and the check in was smooth. Our flight departed on time. This is my first time flying JB. I was a little nervous due to reviews but this was by far one of my best flights. The plane was nice and clean. The flight itself is very smooth
First JetBlue flight and I would do it again,"When going to Chicago I usually fly SW into Midway but OHare is closer to my friend's home and JetBlue had a good flight (times and money) offered so I decided to try it. Flight to Chicago arrived early...always nice. Flight was smooth and uneventful. Smaller jet, 2 and 2 seats"
Summer Vacation,"As always, a great flight with JetBlue. The seats are roomy and there is enough leg room to store a bag underneath the seat in front and still have room for your feet. The in flight options for tv, movies and music is fabulous. There is something for everyone. Boarding was"
Not a good experience,"One of the worst flights I've taken. They ran out of cheese once they got to us at the back of the plane. Flight attendants were friendly and professional though. Also, no Wifi for the entire ride and plane took long to depart."
Worst experience ever in life,This is by far THE WORST airline I have ever seen. For the following reasons: my flight was supposed to depart at 6pm. I can understand delays because of the weather but we were delayed for almost 6 hours because their pilots had some “legal” issues. That is exactly what they
Great service on Jetblue,"Had a great experience flying on Jetblue airlines legroom was great, comfortable seats and the entertainment Was great. There was enough snacks and when asked for a cold drink you get the can and a cup of ice ""nice"". In returing there was a slight delay in fort Lauderdale but it"
Mother daughter vacation,Great flight it was smooth quick and fast. Love JetBlue they are always very helpful. One time my flight was delayed and I was might have missed my connecting flight and they made sure I didn’t so they moved my seat up front so I could get to my connected flight faster than if
Torture Chamber,"While the seat pitch in Jetblue’s economy cabin remains humane, the seats on its new A321 planes call to mind Torquemada and the torture chamber. The seats seem narrower and shallower and the padding almost non existent. It made for a sore derriere. This is a harbinger of the"
Great Flight,"This was my first time to fly on JetBlue and I was very satisfied with the flight. The plane was clean, it looked very new. Had a nice screen in front of my to watch TV during the flight. snacks were fine etc. I would definitely fly with them again."
Very good airline,I have only flown jet blue for several years because of the newness of their planes. I was a bit disappointed this time around. We did round trip out of JKF - Vegas and back. We had flight delays of 1 hr going out and 1.5 hrs. coming home. We got nailed $60.00 to check one
Smooth Flight to NYC,"This was a truly smooth flight from DC to NY JFK. Service was courteous, flight smooth, departure and arrival times on time. Comfy seats with ample leg room. Love jetBlue."
Most awful airlines their is,I have flown on all different airlines. This one was by far the worst! Travel insurance does not matter with them so I don't recommend getting it. We were stuck on the streets of Costa Rica because they rescheduled our flight for ten days longer. They DID NOT ACCOMMODATE US.
"Lost luggage, cancelled flights, dirty waiting room","The waiting room was so dirty that there were things growing under the seats. I was concerned about the people sleeping on the floor because they were wiating for 8 hours for a flight, waiting for a pilot! Four suitcases, lost. Finally suitcase # 3 was found, several weeks later"
Missing Captain,"My wife and family was scheduled to leave at 9:40am to Cancun. For some reason the captain never showed up. We were delayed til 11am. It was very frustrating to hear something of this nature, but the new captain did all he can do to get us there 1hr closer than the expected 2:30"
in the class of its own,"Jetblue business class - mint - has no competitors in the US domestic market. On the same holidays we also tried Delta and realized what a gap is between these two airlines while the price is very similar. Mint has fully flat seats, which on a flight over 6 hours makes a huge"
They left us stranded in ft Lauderdale,Found out our flight out of jamaica was delayed due to the crew being on break. Missed our connecting flight to phx by 20 minutes due to customs. This airline doesnt have late flights. So now my girlfriend and I are stranded at the airport till 11am the next day. We aren't
Mr,"Jet Blue has been great, never had travel issues with them (maybe just lucky but I use them frequently) recently had a rough experience with United and wound up stranded in Boston and had to re book with Jet Blue and they turned a terrible experience into a good one. Dylan in"
Great service and leg room,We were seated promptly and had a great flight Attendants were courteous and attentive. Load n was quick and easy to find.
Middle Seats Suck,I'd relied upon the government to put in the seat request as I wanted but evidently the two systems don't work well together. So stuck in the middle seat for the trip was unfortunate. Luckily I slept most of the way and they did not wake me up for drinks so they get an extra
JetBlue Mint!,Flew from Boston to Seattle for an Alaskan cruise with my family. It was an early morning flight out of Boston's Logan Airport. No lounge access unfortunately. Loved the Mint cabin and the service was fine. The IFE was varied enough to satisfy most tastes. My only criticism was
Lousy customer service means I cancel my JetBlue card and leave Trublue,I’ve been a JetBlue loyal customer for years and now I’m canceling my rewards credit card and leaving our family pooled points behind. I made a business trip reservation. My schedule changed ten minutes after I booked and I changed my outgoing flight. I was charged a $150 fee
The only airlines to fly,I have flown JetBlue from all over the country and have always had the best experience. When we had a family emergency they were overly accomodating. When I was traveling for work they were amazing and for leisure it is my airline of choice no matter what.
"Older plane, not so clean","This was an older plane and the restrooms were not very clean. I wouldn't probably fly this route again if I had an alternate carrier to take, but there wasn't one. One plus is that returning to Terminal 5 at JFK is pretty easy, especially if you have Global Entry. It took a"
Horrible Management,I have been sitting at the gate for 2 and a half hours with the plane at the gate as well. 10 minutes before boarding was to start they post a delay due to scheduled MTC. Really! The plane was here for at least 2 and half hours. Nobody was aware of the scheduled MTC? This falls
Great airline to fly,"We always like to fly Jet Blue because of the in-flight entertainment. It keeps my kids engaged and is especially good for longer flights. Overall a great airline to fly. Friendly service, decent food options and desirable destinations/hubs."
Heavenly Wings...Jet Blue Always delivers,"TSA pre check, Waiting area, Flight crew, Flight, extra snacks as usual...jet blue goes above and beyond and of course i will receive my miles."
Early arrival,Flight left on time and we actually arrived in Boston minutes early. Flight was full but very organized. Flight attendants were all friendly
Pleasantly surprised by our first flight on jetBlue,"Flight 2116 Jacksonville, Fl to Washington, DC (DCA) Flight 2115 Washington, DC (DCA) to Jacksonville, Fl This was our first flight on jetBlue and we were delightfully surprised by the comfort, the service and the overall flight in general. We are both retired flight crew"
40 minutes early!!,Best flight ever. Crew was so well organised and got everyone boarded & seated so quickly on a totally booked flight that we landed at JFK 40 minutes early!
Miserable!,"Crying and loud talking baby behind me kicking my seat the whole flight. I also had an overweight passenger next to me. Nothing wrong with that if she wasn't overlapping onto my leg. She and I were both uncomfortable. My TV didn't work either. Two weeks later, I traveled to"
Puntuality. Great service aboard. Not too good on ground (due to shortage of staff),Short trip. Not a fancy airline. Very practical for short fights.I use the FLL Int. Airport which is a small but nice place to depart from. All access granted by shuttles and trains that connect on/from the airfield with a great deal of surrounding locations where leave your car
Flying the JetBlue Skies,There have never been problems on JetBlue. There is leg room and individual screens to watch movies or TV.
Highly Recommended!,"My wife and I have used JetBlue a few times now and we absolutely LOVE them! The staff is great, the seats are comfortable and roomy and in flight entertainment is superb. I would recommend JetBlue to anyone looking for a budget friendly airline."
Lana,The plane was late it was to leave Barbados at 2.15 pm and it left at 4.20pm we didn’t get to JFK until after midnight due to the plane had to refuel at Newark
best company to fly with hands down,awesome company from the staff to the app to the included carry ons its the best company to fly with
AUGUST 16TH 2019 6:45AM,"The nicest crew ever!!! I always fly with them and never have a problem or delay. My last flight the crew was excellent. Very friendly, offering snacks more than twice and very helpful."
Excellent customer service,Jetblue Bogota excellent staff and personnel. Was great experience for the first time traveling to a foreign country. Staff was knowledgeable and and professional. Love Jetblue!!!
"3+ hour delay, missed all connecting flights, rebooked on a flight to a different city","Terrible, terrible, first and only experience with JetBlue. I didn't do any preliminary homework on this airline and that's my fault, but while being delayed for 3+ hours I decided to see if this was common... yup, turns out it is. If you fly JetBlue, don't expect to catch any"
Mosaic status is the best,"I love flight in with JetBlue. The costumer services is amazing. I am a mosaic costumer, I use their credit card a lot so I use a lot of the points. I love the services that they offer to mosaic clients"
JetBlue's RT Direct Flights From Boston To Providenciales On Saturdays Are The Best Way To Go!,"JetBlue's direct flights From Boston To Providenciales & Provo to Boston on Saturdays are the best way to go. The service is not available all year round, at least not yet, but what a time-saver and stress reducer not having to worry about a missed connecting flight. Delta and"
I always fly JetBlue,"I always fly JetBlue whenever possible. I never had any problems with the planes, crew or travel. I book direclty online through JetBlue.com"
Worst Experience,"WORST EXPERIENCE EVER will NEVER fly again. Was scheduled to catch the 655pm flight from JFK to BDA Once arriving at the gate, the attendants said the flight is delayed because they had to clean the plane and do security checks because international flight, so delayed until"
Would not recommend JetBlue to anyone,The flight was delayed over 5 hours.And jetblue didnt even have the decency to even apologize to the customers.
HORRIBLE AIRLINE. Doesn’t care about safety,JetBlue Had a flight coming home from Cancun for 7 people. Slight was delayed for 3 hrs and 50 min. This was due to missing screws on the take of the plane. They brought in a crew to fix the problem but the lift was not tall enough to reach the missing screws. We were told that
Gap year,Missed my group flight and had to rebook which cost me $250 because I flew through Jetblue and the flight was delayed for 11 + hours. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Even better than Delta,"This was my first time flying with JetBlue and my experience was great! I was blown away with the leg room, a WHOLE can of pop, and a larger bag for the snack that I selected. It seems like little things, but it all really added up."
Nice ride,"Flew JetBlue from Ft Lauderdale to Costa Rica and back. Seats were wide plenty of space compared to the bigger airlines. Free snacks free sodas, coffee water. Free TV and movies to watch. Pretty good experience overall."
The Ultimate Airline,"Got to the Jet Blue counter early on Saturday morning for a flight to Ft Lauderdale. I was transporting two firearms so having never flown JetBlue, I was expecting all kinds of trouble. What a relief I received. I was met by Dave at the counter who was very helpful regarding my"
Better than any other budget airline,"Pricing, punctuality, and a wide range of entertainment more than make up for having to pay for food (basic non-alcoholic drinks are free) and extra-leg room. We fly JetBlue as often as we can. Boarding has consistently been fast and efficient. Staff are friendly if a bit"
Great flight,Loved my JetBlue experience. I especially liked this quick flight (less than 2 hours) to Bermuda. I specifically appreciate the mood lighting their planes offer. The staff was friendly and the seats were comfortable. Can’t really ask for more.
Top Flight Service,Our flight wasn’t packed so everyone was able to have a whole row to themselves! The unlimited snacks was a plus. The crew was very nice and willing to help with anything. We landed early in DR which was a plus and allowed for me to watch an amazing sunset at my resort!
Easy comfortable flight,This is such an easy flight. The service is great. We flew direct and were able to leave early. The flight was a little bit shorted than planned an there was no wait on the runway. This is the best way to fly.
...,Worst airline EVER. Extremely rude about cancelled flights. I had paid extra for more leg room. While they refunded the original fare due to the cancellation they would not refund the additional $120 spent on that. I will never fly jet blue again.
You decide whether its worth it,I had planned this trip through JetBlue Vacations many months ago - Was advised via e-mail that my flights were changed and I would be arriving at my final destination the next day at 4 am - this was unacceptable as I was attending a wedding. I called JB Vac and they had no
Worse seats in the industry,On both flights the seats where uncomfortable. The worse seats I had on an airplane. The flight was ok and the service on the return flight a red eye was very bad. Need to upgrade the seats on the older planes. When I booked both flights I could not get seat assignment for the 4
Great airline,The flight is comfortable compared to other airlines. The pilot was very informative about the route and weather.
Unfair Upgrade Policies,"Been awhile since we've flown JetBlue, and have to say I am mystified by their upgrade policies. We paid extra for more legroom which would've been nice except they plopped a family including two screaming kids into our row. They were flying standby and said they didn't pay"
Great flight,"I love JetBlue airlines, boarding was on time, flight was smooth and ahead of schedule, actually landed 30 mins before scheduled time. Great staff and very helpful. Same experience on my return flight."
Suggested new slogan: Discount airline service at first class prices1,This airline used to be the best. That was how they incurred loyalty. At least the did with me. Skip to now: they were ranked the worst in the US last year by the Wall Street Journal; deservedly so. Experiences with Spirit have been better. I really don’t like writing bad
Pleasant,"My flight from Jfk to Punta Cana was a very pleasant one. Everything was fine except for the little tiny seats, almost made for children. They gave out blankets, about 5 and quickly ran out for free and then disposable headphones. Usually in the other airlines they charge for"
Worst Experience,"I have been traveling with JetBlue for over 20 years, never had a negative experience, but this time around, I’m disgusted and soooo disappointed at this airline. Let me start by saying, my flight was scheduled to leave JFK on Aug. 24th at 7:04am, the flight was delayed three"
Too crowded and messy,Avoid Jet Blue. Not enough space to check in and luggage. Crowded and messy. Not coming again and will prefer another terminal!
A very safe flight,I was glad I booked this flight to New York JFK and the service on the plane they were very pleasant and helpful and supportive. My food was very good too and they had free drinks available everytime I would ask for a soda. But most important this was a safe flight and it was
Almost crashed during landing.,"Horrible airline and high risk landing in Cancun on 8/19/19 , flight departure from JF Kennedy at 7:15 AM. It was a nightmare. My daughter was asleep during this incident and she was shaken so hard during landing, which caused a very bad pain in neck and cervical discs area."
Smooth Flight,"It was a nice flight. I got through security with ease, and was able to watch TV until the plane landed."
VG,This airline appears to care for their customers. An attentive staff and comfortable seats has us flying them often
Severely Disappointed,"Normally JetBlue is my go to airline, however after the second time of cancelling a flight and offering zero help on finding a new flight out, and the soonest they had available being two days after my initial departure.no help in another airline I could use that they had"
Thank G-d for Hector and Mellisa!!! Jet Blue has 2 gems in Tampa!,"All we can say is Thank you - thank you....!!! We switched our departure flight to NY from Tampa in an effort to avoid Hurricane Dorian. Our original flight was August 31st, but with the impending storm, we felt it was cutting it too close so we sought to leave sooner. Upon"
The worst airline!,"Jet blue is the worst!!!!! My flight was delayed twice, missed my 1st connection so they put me on another flight which was delayed again! Got to the other connecting flight and they told me I was not on the flight. They couldn’t find my luggage and all they could do was put me"
Flight,The booth at JetBlue Gate 5 was awful and I was very upset because they couldn’t accommodate our requests to sit together. We got there 3 hours ahead and they couldn’t care less and a lot of customers couldn’t sit together even with their own children. This is poorly designed
Best airline hands down,"I can never say enough about JetBlue . Professionalism, excellent customer services in and off flight , excellent flights experience, attentive to family with children and just an amazing airline . We were headed to Cancun with both our children ages 6 and 11 ( my 11 has some"
Great Flight Experience,Jet Blue is a great airline and really comfortable flight nice smooth rides & they give complementary drinks and snacks also a + and all ways on time !! The only thing I dont really like is there are no free bags
The extra room seats,The flight with Jet Blue was great. My wife requires a wheelchair because of a back operation. The staff was very accommodating the seats were comfortable and the flight was smooth. Beware of the Jet Blue Vacations we had a not so good experience with booking our trip with
Enjoyable Flights!,"This was a very enjoyable flight - great price, great service and comfortable seats. The flight leaving Savannah was on time and arrived early while the return flight was a bit late but not by much. The announcements made by the on ground crew at both airports were easy to"
"JetBlue Employees don't care, hate their job, unprofessional and have no empathy",Spent the night at the airport at JFK with my 3 little ones and your employees couldn't be bothered to look up from their personal mobile phones to help us. Also the claim was weather conditions however that makes no sense. The connecting flight managed to get in on time and
Fly JetBlue,"More legroom in economy than most international flights I've been on. On time, no issues. Roundtrip flight. Would pay the extra to fly them again."
Jet Blue,"This was our first time flying Jet Blue. We usually fly on American. This was a smooth flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Stewart Airport in Newburgh N.Y. I enjoyed the free wifi and movie. The fight attendants were professional and attentive. I loved, loved loved the leg room. More"
Made up time in the air,"Despite good weather in LA our flight was delayed for 2 hours due to bad weather across the country. Once boarded, we received regular updates from the captain, and he did well to make up time in the air. The flight crew was attentive, cabin comfortable. One complaint: Poor"
Roomy,Excellent budget airline plenty of leg room. The free Wifi is a first for me. The free soft drinks coffee and snacks is also a bonus. Cabin crew worked very hard for the two hour flight.
Excellent Service!,"First time flying JetBlue, it was recommended by friends who really like them. We normally fly American or Alaska Airlines, but the prices were much cheaper and with the recommendation we decided to give them a try. Prices were good happy with that. Boarding was orderly happy"
Delayed but Good,"Although we were delayed, information was communicated and it was all good. Service on the flight was great. We were unable to land because of our delay and weather, but we were still able to get drinks."
The classy and most reliable Airline,"This airline impressed me so much that I have changed my loyalty to this airline return flying from NYC to SFO . The smooth check in , boarding and the in flight treats impressed me most. The leg room in the premium economy was wonderful . The drinks and the eats were great ."
First flight on JetBlue,This was my first flight on JetBlue and I was pleasantly surprised! The amount of leg room was generous and having televisions on the seat in front of you were an added bonus. The only reason I didn’t rate this flight as excellent was the lack of phone chargers/ports. I will
Late departure,The flight left about 3 hr late. I had to be on a boat at 7 pm we landed about 5:30pm had To go to nyc from jfk in rush hour. We arrived at the boat at 7:10. Thanks to the captain he waited an additional 10 min. It was my daughters engagement party. Thanks to our Uber driver and
"The good, the bad and the ugly","Scheduled departure for 11:59 pm, delayed until after 1:30am. Super cold on flight. Plane was new and clean. Landed during NYC rush hour traffic so getting into Grand Central too forever and cost $$$. Very crowded flight."
Back to Vanderbilt University,"Flights to and from Nashville were as expected. Flight to Nashville was on time and in the old planes (no updated tvs etc) but all fine arriving Nashville early. Due to weather in Boston, flight back was delayed but had new plane and all movies were available to watch and"
Very good . . . . BUT,"Generally we love flying JetBlue. However on August 22, there were some issues. There were storms in the northeast so air traffic control put a ground stop on all planes flying into the northeast. OK. I understand that. Out flight was supposed to leave at 9:26PM. The plane"
Love This Airline,"I'm 6'7"" tall and have enough leg room without having to pay extra. The flight attendants were great. Free snacks and soda. In flight TV and radio makes the flight go by so much quicker."
Not a Fan of Budget Carriers,"I'm not a fan of so-called budget carriers. You're gonna pay one way or the other. The pros: it's cheap (.. but that comes with a caveat) The cons: one pays up for everything - extra baggage fees, for example - so, everybody tries to carry on as much as humanly possible and"
Love JetBlue (excellent) but not JetBlue Vacations (poor) --,"We booked two JetBlue vacations to Orlando over the past few years -- taking grandchildren to Harry Potter stuff in Universal Studios. The first trip was wonderful, without problems but this August it was very unpleasant and JetBlue Vacations was quite difficult to deal with . "
Sub standard Airline,This flight started off badly with a shambolic chaotic boarding process. During that boarding process we noticed a lady on the plane having a panic attack. A member of the crew was talking to her and she calmed down. She said she was on medication which she had now taken. As
A consistently excellent airline to fly on,"JetBlue is a consistently excellent airline to fly, and my most recent experience was no exception. I recently flew from Boston to Portland, and the above-average legroom and variety of in-flight entertainment options made the trip an easy and enjoyable one. My only complaint"
Worst trip ever from ny and coming back,"From ny to nassau: waiting TWO HOURS waiting inside the airplane. From Nassau to ny: almost SEVEN hours waiting!!!! If you appreciate your precious time, don’t go with JetBlue. They offered a Wendy’s or Starbucks lunch voucher, but if you are vegetarian or have any food"
Couldn't Sit With My Family,"There was no option to select seats when I booked online. When I went to the ticketing counter they told me the only way I could sit with my family was to pay extra. They were uncaring and unaccommodating. Halfway through the flight they woke up everybody with a ""special"
JetBlue cares!,"Due to mechanical problems and weather, this flight was delayed 3 hrs. Once in the air, my companion and I ordered drinks and was never charged. An hour after landing, we received emails that we each would receive a $75 voucher. I was impressed and pleased. JetBlue is my"
just a flight delayed on the way home,not great not bad safe flight staff was friendly and did there jobs some turbulence which is expected
Boston to FL,"Great airline in every aspect of traveling. Seats  are spacious, comfortable, clean and nice. Planes ✈️ are new and on time. Pilotos are great."
Horrible customer service. Baggage handlers broke and destroyed our stroller.,We were traveling from Jacksonville home to Boston today when we noticed our stroller had been destroyed upon returning home. When I tried making the claim at baggage claim in Boston they turned me away. I then called customer service and spoke to a very rude woman by the name
LATE CONNEXION MISSED LOST MY LUGGAGE FOR MY ENTIRE VACATIONS,"I was flying with jet blue on the 14th to New York JFK. First at all, never expect Jet Blue to be on time from Nassau, they are 99% of the time late! The lady at the desk DID NOT GIVE ME THE TRACKING NUMBER OF MY LUGGAGE, BIG MISTAKE, ALSO SHE DID NOT GIVE ME MY 2nd BOARDING"
Read the reviews - booked the airline ( Jetblue),"Very excited as we were off to visit our daughter in New York, and after the long fight from New Zealand to San Francisco ( stopover) we headed out to board our JetBlue Flight ( let me say flying internally in the States is never that pleasant then tend to shout out you and"
What happened?,"There was no order on this flight. The people on the flight lined up regardless of whether or not they were called or not. The staff did not keep the line orderly. On the flight, our in-chair televisions did not work. Mine did not work at all, but the two televisions on each"
Jet blu airlines,Jet blue was a very smoothe flight the staff were very pleasant the booking was easy they served us drink and snacks and had little TVs that we could watch and places to plug in your phone
"the flight was great, the delay not so great","I love JetBlue! The room at the seats is fantastic, the wifi is free, the tv is free, unlimited snacks- awesome! I took off a star because my JFK leg was delayed a bit, then a bit more, then a bit more and it was a JetBlue problem, not a JFK problem... the plane needed to be"
JetBlue Flight,"This was my family’s first time flying JetBlue. The flights were on time. The service was great (in flight tv’s at each seat, extra leg room, full-sized drinks and snacks). We’d fly JetBlue again!!"
JetBlue Mint JFK-LAS,"If you are flying transcontinental. I hear it is always a tough choice between jetblue mint and delta one. Even though I love delta one's transcontinental I would have to choose jetblue. First off, and I know this is just a personal plus for me, they make the best mojitos (or"
"No matter what you pay, they will find a way to charge you more","I bought the fare with the max flexibility and 2 bags of 50 lbs each included. I took ONLY one bag of 75 lbs and was charged an extra $150 anyway, in spite of the fact that it is more economical space-wise for the airline to house my one bag at 75 lbs than if I'd taken the two"
In Flight Entertainment Problems Lowered Rating,"I have always been a big fan of Jet Blue Airlines. I appreciate the planes, the service, the amount of legroom provided on even the basic seats, and I like the one class of service and the in-flight entertainment. I have always hoped Jet Blue would add a couple of healthier"
Charged additional $450 for NOTHING,"I booked our flights yesterday at 6pm. Today at 9pm I came home from work - printed our itnerary and the JetBlue system has me on a later flight - calls and online work with customer service has netted an upcharge of $450 for the change despite flights being almost equal. "
Horrible horrible service,"Inconsiderate and not accommodating whatsoever! First let me start by saying I began receiving flight status updates at 1pm on the day of a 9:32pm flight. This was ok, however as the updates continued to occur, nine included a resolution. I called jet blue customer service and"
Jet Blue takes care of their customers!,"Jet Blue goes the extra mile, the flight was delayed but they kept us up to date frequently. When on board even though the entire flight staff was a little behind they were very cheerful and attentive. They pass the basket and give you unlimited snacks, which are larger than"
Too sick to fly,My grandkids got the 24h flu. The day I was supposed to fly I started feeling queasy. Called to make the flight the next day and they wanted to charge me another $600.00 more. I couldn't afford that so I had to fly. I was so sick all the way home. I hope i didn't get anyone
Good trip to Orlando,"Good trip to Orlando with a Jet Blue packet. Pleasant flight attendants. Flight was good, but delayed by an hour. We also had a flight delay of an hour coming home. Flight was not as smooth coming home. Dont know if due to pilot or weather. Getting through security was a"
Great price great service,Seats are comfortable and bigger than the 737's other airlines fly. The tv at each seat is wonderful. The snacks are better than other airlines.
Worst experience for our family,"We purchased a Jet blue package it was the worst. We paid for even more speed,Vegas never honored it,customer service laughed, asked for a refund once 1 for home and Jetblue didn't even care. Your not a customer, your just a number. NEVER AGAIN!!! The seats are small, tight leg"
"Pleasant flight, very pleasant flight attendants unlike the staff at the FLL airport",The crew was very pleasant and the overall flying experience was good considering it was the first time I flew with this airline. I had to place a complaint at FLL airport as I had an issue with my luggage and the staff there was not so friendly. They did solve the problem but
Poor Service,"Admittedly, we frequently travel JetBlue with very few issues or problems so we were quite taken with the issues today. We travel with just carry on luggage to avoid the horrible check-ins and possibility of lost luggage. When boarding, we were not asked to check-in our luggage"
Fine flights with JetBlue,"excellent company very friendly crew 4 flights so far, everything has always been fine seats seem to grant more space in comparison to other companies"
Great flight,"Definitely worth the $40 upgrade. I’m not sure I would choose row 1 as you must store all your personal items until the seatbelt sign comes off which is a little inconvenient if you haven’t grabbed your book, your water, headphones or anything like that. I loved that in-flight"
Brining back space with great amenities included,"There seemed to be more space on other recent flights I have taken. I also thought it was fantastic that they had free Wi-Fi, included television and movies, offered complementary beverages as well as a snack. It seems all other airlines are cutting away any benefits and all"
Take Your Shoes Off,"When I printed my boarding pass, I noticed that I was not fast tracked for TSA even though I had paid for this privilege. I eventually was able to ""live chat"" and gave all info and was told everything was updated all set. Next am before flight I again printed boarding pass and"
A lot of delays,"I traveled from Aguadilla ,PR to Orlando MCO airport to my vacations. And then from Orlando MCO airport to BQN Aguadilla, Puerto Rico. In both travels we had a delayed. This kind of situation limits my confidence to consider this airline to my travels eventhough the courtesy and"
2019 vacation in paradise,"Round trip flights were very good and on time. Flight attendants were great as well., customs was a breeze both ways. All in all it was enjoyable!"
Everything went well.,"We had a good experience. Our flight left on time , the crew was friendly and the seat were comfortable.my only complaint is , that they should feed passengers, especially Y on long flights."
Always Informed,"When traveling to LA, we encountered weather delays at JFK. JetBlue kept us informed every step of the way. The service in flight was excellent too."
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE,"My family and I missed our 630ish am flight on 8/14/2019 due to our ignorance of how long security lines are in the morning at Logan. We kept getting our flights rolled over, one by one we were disappointed thinking our vacation was about to be ruined. FINALLY they cleared us"
Love this airline!,"Jet Blue has leg room, comfortable seat cushions, professional staff and beverages and snacks available throughout the flight. The people who helped with my wheelchair were friendly and courteous. Whenever I fly, I try to book with Jet Blue but in order to fly to Ohio from"
Not to sound like the ad but...they really have the most leg room in coach,The staff was friendly and helpful and there really was a decent amount of leg room. The entertainment options were varied. My only complaint was that the food offerings were unimaginative and kind of skimpy.
If only Delta did the same......,"I've always flown Delta when possible to rack up those frequent flyer miles, but found such a good deal on Jetblue flying from Portland to Bermuda, that we decided to try them. I like to have my movies on a screen in front of me, like Delta has, but American does not. Jetblue"
Expensive !!,"Unable to select seat and was literally hemmed in , next to the window...service was atrocious , very little communication from the flight deck ...low cost ?? NO WAY!!"
EVERY FLIGHT IS DELAYED,"I am a frequent customer of Jetblue. I used to rave about them to anyone and everyone, due to their affordable prices and extra legroom. Over the last year, that has drastically changed. Jetblue and their consistent delays, have now become a common joke. It isn't ""if"" there"
Our Most Reliable Air Lines,"We’ve used Jet Blue for (just about) very flight when we travel back East. Started out at SFO when we lived on the Peninsula, then moved to San Jose. Very convenient for travel from San Jose. Have always had excellent flights and excellent flight attendants. Pretty much always"
Swift and smooth return flight!,Always travel Jetblue and this particular flight to return home was perfectly on time. Also the ride was smooth and swift. We arrived at JFK NY 15 minutes ahead of scheduled. Commend the flight crew and pilots for making this an enjoyable experience. Only disappointment is
Delay and Not helpful,I had a flight for one adult and my three kids on Aug. 21st to Boston from Cleveland. There was a one hour then three hour delay which made me miss my connecting internation flight from Boston. The only options they gave me were: 1. I take the later flight and miss my flight and
The frontline is the bottom line - JetBlue knows this..,"So I had to do six flights in just over a week including a transatlantic return. If, on the face of it, that sounds exotic, it is not. It's heft. Dublin-London-NYC-Charlotte-Houston-NYC-London, Saturday AM to Saturday PM including a round trip by road,Houston to San Antonio. "
One of the Best in the U.S.A.,I have been flying commercial airlines for at least 55 years now in and on airlines in the U.S.A. both domestic and international. I have to say Jet Blue has always been great and awesome with and to me. They are only one of 3 airlines from the United States I would consider
"Quick, Safe & Pleasant","55 minutes in a clean, air-con plane is the way to go to Camaguey from south Florida on JetBlue, Cheaper than American Airlines!!"
Very good flight,This was a very good flight both ways. The service was very good plane were nice and vary smooth flight
Best flight ever!,"First time passenger of JetBlue. Was so impressed with the airline, that when we arrived home, brought up the map of where they fly and determined that will be our next vacation spot. Best airline ever, in my opinion. Friendly, efficient, great seat space, extremely"
Delivered as promised,"JetBlue likes to have business communters on their flights and target this market aggresively. As a result, boarding is relatively fast by three zones. The free snacks offered during flight was a surprise with several choices rather than a bag of peanuts or cookies. Seats were"
New JetBlue Fan,I had recently read that JetBlue planes were roomier than other airlines. Our recent flight absolutely confirmed that! It was a noticeable difference in comfort. I'm definitely a fan!
Excellent services if you don't have connection,"The service was excellent, the flight was smooth and on time, but it left 2 hours after the departure time, which is something common with this airline, people were getting upset because they were losing their connection flight. If you are planning to flight straight to your"
JetBlue is the best,"JetBlue never fails, it's hands-down the best airline! It's customer service is unmatched, especially when travelling with children."
The flights were good - once we got on them!,"The flight from Hartford to Fort Lauderdale was fine except our entire row had a problem with the in-seat entertainment system and we couldn't watch anything. Once we arrived in Fort Lauderdale, our nightmare began! It's a very long story but ultimately our flight to Nassau was"
Jetblue customer service is cold-hearted!,"It is sad than when presented with a situation where a family member is in her last days with stage 4 cancer the customer service team was cold-hearted and unsympathetic towards the situation. Moreover, one of the supervisors refused to speak to me because the notes were clear,"
Jet Blue Experience,This was my first time flying with then and I really enjoyed it. There was quite a bit of legroom and the seats and inflight entertainment were great. I would definitely fly with then again. The only bad part about it was that we had a long day of connecting flights when we
Jet blue experience.,I would say its a pretty good airline good snacks and such. The best part was the more leg room seats which i had both times. The one bad thing the tv was broken on my way back from chicago. Jet blue please fix that and clean the bathroom after every flight.
International Flight from faraway delay straight into a wonderful weather Delay,International delay for security and clean up. Right into tropical rainstorm meh kinda one of those things you’ve got no control over so ya deal. The flight crew were great attentive all the way through. Little comfort food distractions were fine. And at least I had good
JetBlue- simply the best,"JetBlue has the best service and accommodations of any US airline. Period. Nice seats, unlimited snacks and beverages, great searback entertainment that actually works, and clean interiors are its hallmark. Its employees are exceptionally nice, too."
Worst airline,I flew 2 this year with them the first trip was in june there were no delays but I aboard and old plane the engine noise in the cabin was ridiculous I got a headache that last me hours then I go to expedia to take a family trip and the staff at the Newark airport was horrible
Cancelled flight in Aruba-worst experience ever,"Leaving Aruba is the most difficult process on earth. Their airport is the most unorganized I've ever experienced. Finally after almost 2 1/2 hours of trying to get to to the gate, we were then told there is a 15 min delay. That 15 min. turned into an hour and then after waiting"
JetBlue Mint!,"Mint is JetBlue's ""first class"" and it certainly was just that! They only have it on longer (cross country) flights but it is well worth every penny (and it's alot of extra pennies). The room, the food, the drinks, the amenities, the flight attendants, all fantastic. Flew out"
Excellent airline and very good offer,"Very good airline, and excellent price because I found an offer on the @gosomewherla page on instagram"
Worst Customer Service EVER!,"I made my reservation for this flight about 2 months before my expected travel date. Two weeks before I am supposed to fly out for my best friends wedding, I check my travel via the JetBlue app. The flight showed it was still confirmed, and everything was fine, but then I went"
By far the best,"I can't speak for JetBlue's service reputation or anything else for their economy or premium economy seating, but for their business class you will find no better. Three choices of fantastic entrees served at lunch and dinner and a pretty decent breakfast as well. The seat pods"
A real surprise,I have previously been very disappointed with internal flights and the poor service I have encountered. No longer the case - JetBlue was awesome on this flight and to be honest puts many international carriers to shame with the quality they offer They will be my number 1
AWESOME AIRLINE!,"We LOVE JetBlue airline. It flys nonstop to Orlando airport. It’s our favorite airline. We’ve never had a problem, other than weather delays, and it’s not their fault. I recommend JetBlue airline."
JetBlue Mint,"This was the second leg of a 13 hour flight so I upgraded to first class so I could sleep. The seat turns into a semi private cabin because there is a sliding door that gives you privacy. The seat goes all the way down, the inflight entertainment was good, and the flight"
Be careful. They loose bags.,"July 2019 - My daughter-in-law and grandson flew direct from Sacramento, Ca to Boston, Mass. Checked in two suitcases at the exact same moment. Grandsons suitcase never made it to Boston on a DIRECT FLIGHT. They couldn't find it. They'll call us. Well, it is a 2 1/2 hour drive"
LOVE THIS AIRLINE!,I worked for them and flew them weekly. This is one of the best airlines flying the blue skies today! I wish I still worked for them. They treat their staff well and their staff treat their customers superbly! It's a win-win!
"Delayed filigt, deplanned back to delayed","Our flight was delayed for hours and the deplaned due to mechanical issues. Yes, safety comes first. The problem I have with JetBlue, there was not any urgency expressed to get us home. Our flight was suppose to land in Atlanta on Sunday, August 4th at 11:45pm. On top of that we"
Good Service Unless There is Bad Weather,"While there was no lost luggage, etc. JetBlue required us to sit on the plane in Savanah for 2+ hours due to weather in Boston. We'd have been much more comfortable had we been allowed to de-plane. That and Wi-Fi didn't work on either flight and the promised $ 15 credit never"
Fair prices. Nice service. Delays both way.,Staff nice. Prices reasonable for a family of 5. We lost an entire day of our trip with the delay going down (not leaving JFK until well after we should have landed in Aruba.) We also we delayed coming home.
Flying Mint from Boston to Barbados was excellent!,Flying Mint on JetBlue from Boston to Barbados was excellent! Because we planned well in advance we were able to get the Mint seats at a great price and used points to save even more! Strongly recommend!
Great Flight!,"No complaints. Nice...easy flight. Good snacks. Coming and going, flights were full. We were able to get on without waiting long. It was a cool flight."
jetBlue Disappointment,I was really looking forward to flying jetBlue but their customer service completely destroyed that! On the first portion of our round trip family visit we were notified of a 5 hour delay 20 minutes before the flight boarded it took off. And then proceeded to have us wait
I am not a frequent flier but I might be with the experience that I got with Jetblue.,I do not fly a lot but for my first trip to PR I wanted to be comfortable. So I chose JetBlue because of the TV service on the flight. The experience was perfect. We upgraded our seat to the first row. We had the most leg room and it was well worth it. Nobody in front of you
Delayed,"JetBlue is my #1 airline, but lately everyone I know has had a delayed flight with them. My Manager and a couple of co-workers on their flight out to a conference in Las Vegas was delayed 3 times and they arrived hours late. On my red-eye back to Boston from Vegas our flight"
Bad information,"On Monday, July 29,2019 I was flying out of Charlotte Douglas Airport. Upon checking in I was told by the representative that I would need an ESTA visa to travel from the U.S to Germany. I told her that I was only going to be there for 13 days, which she could see from my"
Senior citizen traveling alone.,This flight was picked because it was a non-stop flight. I was traveling alone to Aruba to meet friends that were on an extended vacation there. The ground staff was extremely helpful tutoring me at the Kiosk to get my boarding pass and onto checking my luggage. The flight
Good value for money,"We paid for more space for legs (my husband is quite tall) and it was our best decision we could make. We were really satisfied with that. The airplane was not the newest, but it was OK for the price."
Comfortable and Pleasant,"This was my first flight on JetBlue and I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of leg room and comfortable seats. In addition to that, every passenger has their own screen or monitor and you can select a movie, sports, news or just watch the flight progress. I had brought"
Last minute booking,Jetblue booked us on a flight for myself and family last minute after Spirit canceled us. They were able to help us out with a friendly smile and caring nature for us desperate travelers. They charged us a very low fare for a last minute emergency booking 2 hours before the
Consistently the worst airline I’ve ever taken,I have never had a flight that isn’t delayed on JetBlue and there is little to none compensation for delayed or cancelled flights. Tonight our flight got cancelled an hour before we were supposed to leave and the customer help desk could not give a reason as to why (weather was
BEWARE WITH CHECKING IN LUGGAGE!!!!!!!!!,Beware when you check in your luggage. I had items stolen from my bag and they made it seem as if maybe it was by accident. Just make sure you do not put anything that you do not mind losing in your luggage.
Daredevils,I thought I was goin die! These ppl flew me through threw black clouds with white lighting with extreme turbulence for 1.5 hrs
Terrible operations,Flight was delayed an hour because of a prior delayed flight. Then was further delayed another amount of time until the pilots “checked out” meaning that they had worked too many hours so they couldn’t fly. Flight was delayed another 2.5 hours for other pilots to arrive. Then 2
Wort airline ever,"Flight canceled, no compensation...I will never book with JetBlue. Awfull customer service and I am so dissapointed"
More delays !!!,"Sat on plane 2:30 hrs waiting !!!!!! 2:00 hrs to take off 30 minutes after arrival What a joke , last 2 times I traveled on jet blue there were delays.... captain made one announcement that we would be delayed about 30 minutes.HaHaHa"
"Overall very good, just one problem","Self checking of bag at kiosk was simple and there was no line. The airline offered free gate checking of bags for a limited number of passengers, which freed up some overhead space. Our seats were exactly as reserved; I had plenty of legroom, however my husband is tall and"
On friendly staff at the gate,My daughter and I took a JetBlue flight from Fort Lauderdale Florida on August 8 . The flight was delayed with no apparent reason . I paid to upgrade to first row seats on the return flight because they had separated the party . Upon boarding the flight. Hey JetBlue staff
Excellent customer and personality of flight attendant,I wish to commend Dominic the flight attendant. He had superb manners and made every passenger feel special. Thank you. Hopefully this attitude will continue across the JetBlue airlines
Good deal,"We checked in but couldn't get our seats, finally we got them at the gate. My husband and I were sitting far away from each other. In the plane I asked the flight attendant if we can change places and they were very helpful so we could sit together. The service was very good and"
:),"Awesome service :) Always on time friendly crew very pleasant smooth trip nice prices seen pilot checking plane to make sure look good, very comforting"
Always reliable,JetBlue is by far the best airline to travel on. They are very pleasant and the flights are consistently on time! The seats are comfortable and the tv’s help pass the time.
Flying back home,"Day of delays. 930am flight had no crew available, delayed til 1230 to JFK. Original day puts landing in Orlando at 3pm. Delayed in JFK from 2pm til 7. Again, staff had to be flown in. Boarded plane at 7, lift off at 830. Land in Orlando 1030. Full flight, noisy cabin. GoodGod."
Rude Attendants,Had a bad experience on Jet Blue years ago but this flight took the cake. They were the absolute rudest flight attendants I've ever experienced on a flight. We had to sit on the tarmac upon arrival. We were told 7 min ... 1.5 hours later (which In understand things happen)
Easy does it airline,"Flight was delayed by the stormy weather in Newark. So to pass time Jet Blue bought pizzas and water for everyone. They kept everyone abreast of the flight delay. Thanks for not cancelling our flight and taking care of all the passengers. We left 4 hours late ,but we made made"
Super easy flight,"Since the runways are under construction at the Ft Lauderdale airport, flight are experiencing delays, as was mine. However, this is not the fault of JetBlue. They are great as always. I love this airline! Most of the time I purchase extra legroom seats as I want to board first"
My new fav airline!,"Must admit I was skeptical flying JetBlue for the very first time. I just assumed they might be substandard in their flight schedules, service, staff & aircraft because their fares were so reasonable. Wrong on all counts! From booking the flight to landing at my destination-"
Good flights reasonable cost,"I've been flying Jet Blue for years. I like the TV,Movies,and WiFi. Most important the flight are timely and the pilots seem to be among the best. They were one of the last airlines to start charging to check bags.if you get to the gate they will check your bags for free. One"
The tv was not working properly on both flights!!,I used to love to fly Jet Blue but on both flights the tv wasn’t working properly! I love that they give you unlimited snacks but I enjoy watching a movie so the times flies by. Unfortunately on both flights I had trouble with the tv! The movie would play then go black. I asked
Beware of long and unexplained flight delays,"I have been a preferred JetBlue customer for years and. A Mosaic member. It was my favorite airline for years. Whenever traveling,I would go to their website and seek a JetBlue flight option first....no more. Flight delays and late departures and arrivals and not merely"
Flight to Seattle,"Flight schedule with a lay over was great. No delays or any other ""snafues"". I admit that having a plane change in Chicago was a little scary. But all went well and we made it to our destination without incident."
First Time to Fly JetBlue,"Recently flew round trip out of country. I was hesitant to fly this airline I guess based on reviews back years ago. Started out very rocky, HORRIBLE airport, flight delayed by hours, so not happy!!! OMG, once we boarded, the leg room was heaven. Comfortable seats, delightful"
Jet Blue Has Aruba,Another great round trip flight from Boston to Aruba and back again. Jet Blue staff have the best flights to Aruba-Non Stop. What could better. Have been taking them to Aruba for many years and look forward to our next Aruba trip on Jet Blue.
Come fly with Jet blue,"Just the best airline of the Budget type. Great leg room, kind and considerate service. They have their own terminal at JFK very efficient."
Amazing flight experience,"I recently booked my vacation with Jet Blue. Their new website is very easy as well the customer service over the phone. I highly recommend this airline. By the way, I'm about to booked my November vacation with JetBlue. Returning to Dominican Republic."
Cancelled international flights both ways!,"Outbound, our flight to Quito got delayed—nine separate times! So frustrating to be waiting at the gate and told that I our flight was to be boarding in ten minutes... and then delayed by 30 minutes... repeatedly! Even worse, the flight got cancelled altogether, forcing us to"
Vacation 2019,Excellent service. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The pilot and flight crew were top class.
"Quick, comfortable","It was between them and sprint to get me to Florida. The flight was quicker than expected, staff were wonderful, more space than my klm international flight, decent snacks, accommodated for allergies, decent tv selection. I can't complain and for $115 with 1 checked bag, I'm"
Every time I fly this airline I have the BEST EXPERIENCE!,To the point: Always a great experience. I have travelled on this airline for nearly 20 years and it never disappoints.
Always a Great Flight,I always fly JetBlue - never have a problem. They are always courteous and helpful. Best part was that it cost me hardly anything cause I used my points!!! Open a JetBlue CC and enjoy those benefits!!
Mint is indeed world class,"Jet Blue is now my choice. The Mint product is world-class in every dimension. It was so surprising to find, at a reasonable price, a truly first-class experience that compares to the best airlines around the world. It would give ANA a run for its money - and that is saying"
straight shot Portland to Boston,Jet blue always does a good job of getting the show on the road. I appreciate that it is a nice crew on most all flights and that they do exactly what you expect. Plus they have Pepsi products!
Traveling with a fire arm,"I wanted to bring back my revolver with me. So I called Jet Blu to ask how and the lady knew all the procedure by heart, gave me very acurate information, it did not cost extra and was a success!"
Outstanding Customer Service - Returned a Tablet Computer Left in the Seat Back Pocket,"I LOVE Jet Blue! Ninety minutes after I deplaned, the airline's baggage office at DCA was calling me, asking whether I had left an item on board their aircraft. I had indeed - a table computer and was feeling like an idiot for doing so. The very helpful, friendly employee"
Flight Attendants were exceptional,I always travel on JetBlue unless they do not fly to the designated destination. The flight was on time going and coming and they were extra attentive. I would highly recommend JetBlue as the airline to fly with.
Flight from Cancun to Orlando,"This flight was delayed due to mechanical problems, we were left in the airport for five hours, no food voucher, no counter attendant with any information. We did receive email notices each time delay."
Better than average leg room; On time and even some decent snacks.,"We took a family trip with 12 people. While JetBlue's online booking tool only allows you to book 7 people at a time, we were able to get seats near one another through 2 different reservations. The actual flight was quite comfortable - even in ""regular"" seats, we had a decent"
Horrible experience,"All our flights were delayed flying with JetBlue, coming and going. Paid extra for the front seats, which only have a little extra leg room but the seats are exactly the same. Such a scam. You have to pay for every convenience now which runs the flight experience. FYI,"
FLL to JFK,"I was super impressed with JetBlue. The seats were very comfortable, free WiFi (pre, throughout and post flight), coffee, and snacks. It was all great!"
Excellent...,"Timely departure and landing, very good seat ranges, clean and comfortable flight. I would recommend it especially on america domestic flights."
I took an extra space seat,The check in was automatic and easy. They are sharp in the boarding process. My only concern is that many people do not check bags when doing check in and do not pay the $25 fee. Then at the boarding gate they request to check in bags free of charge.
Not a great experince,"I purchased my tickets months in advance and picked a aisle seat at Row 12C. Do to their loading process, I was put in loading section ""E"" which was the last to board. Of course by the time I board my carry on bag had to loaded in the belly. What airline penalizes you fro buying"
My Bad Experience with JetBlue,"I was flying from Fort Lauderdale(FLL) to NYC(JFK) on July 31st, 2019. The flight was scheduled to leave at 8:36 PM and arrive at JFK at roughly 11:36 PM. It was supposed to be a simple flight that I had made many times before. The morning of the flight, I checked the flight"
Flying right on Jet Blue,Great flights Great service on the plane and on the ground Arranged all my special needs at the airports and they were right on.
It's always a pleasure flying jet blue,"jet blue is the only airline for me. the seats,even on the older planes, are bigger than the other airlines. They also have more leg room as well. there staff are always nice and courteous. the last time I flew on another airline it was united. united's plane was old, very old."
Good no frills airline with a couple of frills,Overall pretty good service for a no frills / pay extra for almost everything airline with a good network. Free wifi on board a bonus. Arrived a little late due to a baggage issue then missing our slot. Flight back was on time.
Flight was smooth; departure delay,"For three years now, Jet Blue is the airline I use. Plane was clean, but some wear is showing mostly on seats and “tv screens” for entertainment. Crew was friendly and the Even More Space is A+. There was a delay for departure and three gates changes within the terminal. I am a"
Stuck at JFK with my newborn!,"My experience with JetBlue on 8/7 was a complete nightmare. Myself, my fiance and our 2 kids (ages 5 and 3 mos) were scheduled to depart JFK for POS on 8/7 at 9:10pm. Initially this flight was delayed, however, around 10pm we were allowed to board. Almost everyone was settled in"
Comfortable way to fly,I recently booked a trip to California on Jetblue. I had a very good experience with this airline. The check in kiosks were a breeze and we are able request early boarding because of my son. There was plenty of legroom and the in flight movies/shows available kept us busy for
"lost over 3,000 dollars because of Jetblue delays, missed a transitional flight. No communication JetB - Emerates,","lost over 3,000 dollars because of Jetblue delays, plane suppose to leave 5:00 am, left until 9:00 am. I'm supposed to transition to another plane once I arrived, an international trip, found out the plane left already. No communication JetB - Emirates, no refund, no"
JetBlue..just like the rest now!!!,"Once my favorite airline... Now just like the rest..never on time Surely attendants.the smiles are gone. Seats don't work .uncomfortable as well. Video screens that won't stay on one channel..changed on it""s own every 10 seconds....attendants response was they it was broken"
Cross Country Flight,I’ve only flew JetBlue twice and let me say this time was 1000x better then my last flight with them. I flew from Jfk-Lax and it was one of the best flights I have ever been on! I have even more space seats which let me stretch out for the 6 hour flight. The flight attendants
Never fly with Jetblue again.,Jet blue's flights are always delayed for no reason. Every other flight is on time I only decided to book with them because of the price but never again. My sister who is flying with Jet Blue few from now just found out her flight with be delayed by 5 hours. How do they know 3
cross country flight,"This is the second trip, that Jet Blue has ruined our luggage.One piece of the luggage got lost,and we had to return from our location that we were staying at, to file a claim on the bag that was damaged,and finally pick up the bag that had been lost about 4 hours later,and all"
Straight non stop flight,"I think that jet blue is prob the best airline I’ve been on! Love the leg space, they have a lot of flights, and I can’t say I’ve ever had any issue with the planes being clean or the service!"
Excellent,"I’ve only flown JetBlue to the Caribbean. We recently took it to the NE and were thrilled with the plane, staff and snacks. It’s a direct flight and it’s quick. We definitely will use them again."
JetBlue is normally very good this time there were some delays and were not communicated correctly.,Normally I travel on JetBlue everywhere they travel. This time we were delayed a long time and of course when on vacation you want to get there as soon as possible. The check in crew were not at all solicitious and the delay was significant. I was actually surprised by their
Boston Logan to JFK Flight 417 6/9/19,"Boarding was quick, flight took off on time, JetBlue team were very friendly. Not much in way of service on such a short flight."
Flight 518 JFK to Boston had to change plans due to mechanical issues to Flight 2818,"We all boarded the plane, the pilot said they were working on the plane then announced the flight is cancelled. I called JetBlue talked to a rep and she had me on another flight. So that was excellent customer service. I first waited in line at the airport to change the"
"Missed our connecting flight, because of them and they would only do the bare minimum to help us",I wouldn’t suggest flying with this company because if you miss a connecting flight because one of their workers couldn’t show up due to weather and they had to call in someone else who lived 2 hours away to get to work then they will still blame it on the weather and not their
Phenomenal Service- Thanks,Best customer service hands down. Sending a very special Thank You to Suzanne at the DCA Jet Blue counter. The service was absolutely amazing.
as usual late for 4 5 hrs and feed you with any old story. It salways the same no consideration for people schedule /tme,"I lost my retal car almost lost my hotel reservation spent almost 8 hrs on my way back home ,it cost me a 100.00 more dollars in cab fair . I got off the airplaine at 230 am intead of 6pm need i say more"
Delay delay delay,Up until this flight I was a loyal JetBlue customer. No more. After boarding the flight and having us sit around for an hour or so they disembarked us and said there was a simple sensor that needed to be fixed. On an hourly basis they said the problem was going to be resolved.
Constantly delayed!!!!,"I’m sorry, I tried to not badly review the fist time I waited a 6 hours delay flight to get to Fort Lauderdale but now my flight back home is again 3 hours delay! This is completely insane and even though they gave us 150$ bonus for our next flight for this crazy delay time I"
RUDEST and UNHELPFUL jet blue staff in BOSTON LOGAN international airport,"Jet blue has some of the RUDEST and unhelpful staff i have ever seen. I was stuck in BOSTON airport because I could not make my connection from EMIRATES flight from DUBAI. I was at the JebBlue counter with no connection flight until the next day, both 23KG luggage(since i was"
Pay a little bit more and do not suffer,"On August 12, 2019 my family was supposed to travel from JFK to HOUSTON, to take another connecting flight abroad. After a 3.5 hour delay the airline decided to just cancel the flight. Sending all passangers to a 6 hour line waiting for a solution. Only 2 persons for hundreds"
Worst customer service and reliability that I've ever experienced,"If you don’t have the patience for my entire review, at the very least know this… in the fine print, JetBlue has the right to cancel your flight for no reason, at any time, and is no help in dealing with being stranded or the cost of eventually taking your trip or getting back"
Horrible services,"Jet blue customer service, no desire to help passengers,making them aware of problems in a timely matter instead of last minute making you separate from your family and children and missing your flight I am unable to let it go as I am so upset with how we were treated, separated"
Can’t find flight attendants,We were three hours delayed waiting for flight attendants to arrive for flight. No explanation!!! Landed at 3am I am not taking night flights any more
Smooth,"Great ride to St. Martin. Landing at one of the most popular airport in the world. The people enjoying the sun, sand and blue ocean water can’t wait to see you land."
Flight Experience Jamaica to JFK,"Typically JetBlue is our go to airline, but JetBlue failed miserably with the experience from Jamaica to JFK. There was very little assistance once you arrived to Sangster Airport. There were multiple lines and no one knew which to go on. It soon became a mass crowd of tired,"
Very undependable airline Unprofessional. Stay away.,They cancelled the flight without any explanation. All the passengers were miserable. Rude to everyone 0Same time my friends flight delayed over 2 hours both ways. Go with Frontier or Spirit. JetBlue is lacking customer service and flight dependability. NEVER again.
JetBlue Mint the perfect travel experience,JetBlue Mint is the most luxurious way to fly from JFK to LAX. The Mint sleeper seats are as comfortable and spacious as business class to Europe. They took better care of me than the last business class trip I took to Europe. The food consists of mini plates of delicious dishes
"Good flight, poor service","This is a short hop, and we didn't expect cabin service. However, the airport did not have water fountains close to the gate, so after we took off we asked the flight attendant for a small cup of water. His facial expression was one of disgust, and his attitude backed it up. "
Staff,Staff is not friendly or helpful They seem to have a condescending attitude They don't tell clients why there's a 5 hour delay. And there's no free WIFI in this airport
Worst service ever,"Flight was delayed for more then 6 hrs Instead of offering me a solution while I was travelling with two little children. I was mislead by the ground staff crew with no solution offered to us not even a bottle Of water (since we were told that they had no water left to offer). "
Service,I loved Jetblue...but within 1 year I had lots of disappointments....the service has declined not as friendly and accommodating as in the past
Flight Delayed,"I will never fly JetBlue again. We showed up to the airport 2 and a half hours before our flight departure, then we were notified 1 hour before departure that hour flight would be delayed by 6 HOURS!!! The worst part is, when we arrived at the gate to gain more information they"
No need to be rude,"This lady at LGA name Tonia or Tanya, not sure which one is correct was so rude, my flight was delayed 6 hours and I wasn't gonna make my connecting flight,I approached her nicely to inquire for help and omg she was extremely rude for no reason, she was also down talking a"
Going Home to Family,"Awesome airline to take when we want to go see the grandkids. Non-stop, very comfortable seats, plenty of room in economy, great rates and they have Dunkin Donuts coffee...plus free wi-fi. Definitely our go to airline for family trips."
Love JetBlue,"Best airline ever. Just wish our plane was the Mint version. Either way, best service. Flight attendants are awesome. Very accommodating for someone with food allergies."
Family vacay,"I’ve been flying jetBlue for about 15 years and I’m happy to be a Mosaic member. I board after those who need assistance without worrying about overhead space, my bags are free and can contain up to 75 lbs., I get free/discounted drinks and meals, and I get bumped to more space"
MINT is the only thing Amazing about JetBlue,"Jetblue, in all honesty, is pretty low on the customer quality scale as far as I'm concerned. They make you do all the work (automated customer check in) ... if you ask for help the attendents often act put out. What's worse is that you will get charged extra for EVERYTHING. "
Delays,First time for me on Jet Blue. Heard good things so was dismayed to have so many glitches on one trip. We booked our flight through JetBlue online and printed the confirmation. When we got to the kiosk to check bags we discovered we had no seats assigned even though the print
Travel from Aruba to Ft Lauderdale,"Travelled with my family (wife and 4 kids (2x 16 yr and 1x 15 yr and a niece of 14 yr). Perfect on time, however had to complain about the seating on both legs of flight cause we were completely seated apart. DO NOT understand how they could do this. If it wasn’t for the persons"
JetBlue has deteriorated to appalling,"After many years of flying JetBlue they finally reached the Hell No award. Flight delayed. Two hour wait in line at jfk JetBlue counter. On phone wait for 35 mins. Find out the flight is delayed due to then using the plane to complete a different route, followed by an expected"
Unexpected Comfort,"I really thought JetBlue was going to be like Frontier super cramped with seats that don't recline. Boy was I surprised!!!! There was ample leg room, the seats did recline and they had in seat entertainment!! I will definitely fly JetBlue whenever I can. It was better than all"
Delayed for 6 hours with no compensation,"delayed for 6 hours! by the time we got on the plane we come to an old dirty aircraft with no outlets. called customer service, waited on hold for an hour and the most I got for it was $25! something about a weather issue. it was nice and sunny at home so not sure why that was"
Jet blue to Orlando,Normally we wpuld fly Southwest... Decided to fly with JetBlue booked thru Universal Studios package... Best decision ever... They were quick courteous helpful the flight was smooth the direct tv at each seat was a definite plus. We found out new airline...
We missed our connecting flight in Boston,"We got to the Charlotte airport only to find our flight was delayed by two hours. There was no one at the JetBlue desk to explain why our flight was delayed, even though the e-mail we received told us to go to the airport anyway. When the flight continued to be delayed, we"
Jetblue hell no,So thought Jetblue was going to be my fiancé and I new airline guess what not happening. Between the two of us our last 5 flights back and forth from Florida to Albany has been short of customer satisfaction. Best part is the employees don’t know whether to tell you it’s because
Mari,Please do not travel with Jet Blue. Their service is awful. They cancelled my flight due to weather but the reality is that the weather was fine and the day before the inclement weather was just in a few states early evening. They cancelled my flight that it was supposed to
"Cancelled flight AGAIN from Newark, NJ","Again having problems with JetBlue. I booked a flight to attend my brother in law wedding in PR. I arrived to the airport 4 hours before the flight. Me and my wife wait patiently for almost 5 more hours more. In total we spend in the airport almost 11 hours. At 4 am, flight"
My favorite airline,"I like this airline for the extra room that even the regular seats have. There is also a television at every seat, though I didn’t watch during this flight because I brought along the wrong earbuds. Flight attendants are nicer than most other airlines as well. I just wish there"
"We had the best crew on our recent red-eye flight from Long Beach, CA, to Boston, MA.","The check-in attendants were the first indication that we'd have a good flight. My daughter & I did not have seats together for this red-eye flight from CA to MA. When we approached the check-in flight attendants with our concern, they immediately fixed the seating"
Spiritlike,"I’m flying to PR for surgery. They delayed the flight so much I missed my surgery appointment. I wasted $1000 on this. I thought spirit was bad. Now I now they’re like spirit, maybe worse. Even though I payed insurance for the flight, they didn’t give any refunds or any sorrys."
avoid jetblue,"I left from JAX on 7/17 to JFK, flight was deaying every 30 min until cancelled, so I lost the conencted flight to Istambol,It took me 3 days to get to the destination, Coming back to JFK happened the same thing 3 days to get to Jacksonville. the only respond was the weather"
Never again,"Traveling internationally using JetBlue for the domestic connections. On the way in the flight was delayed for 7 hours, causing me to miss my international flight. JetBlue happily rescheduled me 2 DAYS later, making me miss a family gathering, reason of my visit. Did not hear a"
"When it’s good it’s very very good, but when it’s bad...","The measure of any company is not when things go well, but when things go badly. I’ve experienced both with JetBlue, and when things go wrong, they go very, very wrong. I was scheduled to fly from O’Hare to Provincetown through Boston on JetBlue. JetBlue seems to have only one"
Incompetence at its' Finest!,"I have used JetBlue in the past, but today I was shocked, August 7th, 2019. Let me start by saying, JetBlue, that you have some of the rudest staff I've met in a long time and might I add, ignorant? JetBlue cancelled a number of flights to Florida due to inclement weather or in"
Great flight but bad boarding procedure when traveling alone,"The overall flight was good. Landing was smooth. There was only a 5 minute delay. The snacks and drinks were good. The seats were comfortable for economy. The in-flight movie/tv selection was good. With the popularity of bluetooth headphones these days, I recommend that you"
Non stop,"I have travel with Jet Blue for years,it is the only airline that goes non stop from Boston to SDQ which is the reason why i travel with them,i even got their Jet Blue card which offers you 50% off on the in flight purchases and it is such a false advertisement,when i have"
One of the best,"Excellent in every level. Free snacks, free drinks, friendly and helpful staff. The terminal in Puerto Rico is also nice and clean and organized. Non stop flight to add to that."
Nice ride,Smoothest plane ride and landing ever. When was the last time you heard passengers applaud when a plane landed? Well everyone just applauded when we landed with JetBlue on Tuesday. JetBlue still has some ways to God in ensuring that flights depart on time but that’s another
Great flight,Very nice and spacious seating Great service the pilot came out before the flight to make sure everyone was comfortable and gave us free blankets because our kids fell asleep Definitely recommend
Can’t beat non stop,"You can’t beat non stop and JetBlue is the only airline that flies nonstop between Los Angeles and Buffalo. One thing though, it’s an old plane - I just wish they had Mint first class. Plus the TV’s are terrible - you might want to download a movie for the trip."
On Time experience,"Good customer care, nice airlines, decent flying experience ranging from in-flight & on ground services."
Amazing,"Upgraded to fly Business for this trip, I will be doing it from now on. The upgrade was making the flight just bit more expensive, but definitly was a good idea."
Jet Blue cares about their passengers,We were rerouted due to snow twice and ultimately flew to a location close to home where we could rent a car. Jet Blue gave us a coupon toward air travel to help ease the situation. Their credit helped to pay for the rental car. Some companies refuse to help when weather
"No problems to and from our destinations. NY, Bahamas,Florida, Puerto Rico, NY","Seats were comfortable, no delays, smooth check ins, even the snacks, coffee and TV were fine by me."
Flight,"I have to say, JetBlue is one of the best airlines when it comes to comfort, friendliness, customer service, price and all around. I will always fly JetBlue"
New Favorite?,"First time flying with this airline. Great experience. Let me count the ways: 1. nice variety of complimentary snacks to choose from 2. surprisingly spacious seating in economy (not as spacious as first-class, but noticeably better than most other economy seats on other"
Best airline hands down,"Consistently high level of service. Seat back TVs, free snacks, courteous staff. Reaching Mosaic status unlocked other benefits like free checked bags, free beverages, and early boarding. Would take JetBlue over any other airline."
Best US Airline,"My go to domestic airline is JetBlue. The flight left JFK 30 minutes late due to runway repairs and a faulty computer, but the flight landed a mere 4 minutes late. Smooth flight with good service, ample leg room, complimentary Wifi, TV, satellite radio, and movies. Can't be"
Favorite Domestic Airline,"As anticipted, the flight was very good. It left Orlando on time, but landed at JFK in New York City a full 25 minutes early. The service is always good and the legroom on the aircraft is greater than on other domestic airlines. I enjoy the complimentary Wifi, TV, movies, and"
Always Jetblue,Jetblue are the absolute best and here is why. There basic economy comes with wide seats and tv’s. There always seems to be more space on jet flights than any other domestic routes. Complimentary snacks and drinks plus entertainment via tv. There customer service is
on time,"The trip was on time but no meal was served on a five hour domestic flight. There were chips, drinks and pretezels all you want but no meal"
Tired Plane,We fly Jetblue several times a year between SFO and BOS and BOS and SJC occasionally. This JFK/SJC flight was on an older plane and it felt tired. The entertainment system was a bit funky and didn't contain the wide selection found on the MINT flights. We did depart on time
What a racket,"Excellent service, so it’s a bummer I have to write a bad review. Employees were great and helpful and trying to gracefully handle stupid policies for micro-managing each passenger. The general rules for flying have been long-established: once you go through security, you can"
We're getting used to great flights.,"As usual, our seats were roomy-- the most spacious on any airline that we know. Lots of legroom. Service was also very good. I do wish that JetBlue would break down and give us some food, though. It's a long flight."
I would rank 0 if I could,Worst airliner ever lost my flight for wheater but the next day the personnel do not have idea where to send me to book my flight again . On top of that the decided not to take my third bag even I was willing to pay for it however they take the carry on from the other
Don’t fly frozen fish.,"First off, our flight from FLL to Costa Rica was delayed over and over then undelayed and ended up being an hour late into Costa Rica. The trip home was a nightmare beginning at the airport. I contacted Jetblue at 1-800 Jetblue on August 1st, 2019 to make sure I could fly our"
"Great airline and Staff, Very accommodating","Great company, great price, great staff, nice planes. Went from Los Angeles to Turks and Caicos with no delays."
Favorite Domestic Airline,"Jetblue is my absolute favorite, they board everyone quickly, no messing around, and get off the ground just as fast. After reading other reviews, perhaps I am lucky, but I fly a lot and never have issues with them. Flight attendants are usually so kind with the exception of one"
JetBlue is Not as Great as it Seems,My flight to JFK from FLL was delayed by three hours and the plane service was terrible. The return flight was delayed by FOUR hours and we were not notified. We found out once we arrived at the airport instead of in the city. The attendants did a terrible job in informing us
Salt lake to Aruba,First time ever flying jetBlue. Flew this airline on recommendation of son that flies often. Booking was easy online. Selected appropriate upgrades. When we arrived for our flight out of Salt Lake for Boston it was delayed. Which would have made our connection out of Boston
Don’t bring frozen food on JetBlue!!!!,"For over 20 years we have been bringing frozen meats to cook at our vacation apartment in Barbados. We spent over $300. on specialty beef tips, chicken etc and froze it. When we arrived at the airport the checked baggage attendant asked if we had any meat or perishables to which"
Why is a Small time Regional Airline Messing-Up My Emirates Schedule!?,"JetBlue is trying to expand, so they're using the Fly America Act to use and abuse customers who booked through 3rd parties like Expedia. I recently booked a round trip on Emirates and it turns out that it was a JetBlue flight, operated by Emirates. How that is allowed to happen"
Not recommended,Very poor information regarding transit and luggage. At arriving the airline didn’t have any ground personal and the crew did not know anything else then the gate number.
Passengers,Jet blue is going down hill so bad. Every flight we have been on in last two years is always delayed. What the heck Jet Blue. Used to be th dominant airline. Not anymore for me. Enough is enough. Flight from MCO to BDL delayed 1 hr 20 minutes for no reason. Flight238 on
Comfortable and wide space at reasonable price,"Jetblue was a happy and comfortable surprise. Even only drinks are included on board, the general flight experience is excellent, even for a 5 hour flight ! Indeed, seat space is the best and wider at economy class, with more than 50 movies available on individual screens and"
Great Fligt,They run an outstanding airline. Planes are clean. Crew is attentive and friendly. Ran on time. Luggage was prompt. Great low cost airline
JetBlue flights to punta cana,"The flight crew was pretty indifferent and just going through the motions. Not a welcoming atmosphere at all, never the less they did their job. The biggest and most concerning thing is the size of the SEATS! It’s getting pretty ridiculous now with the downsizing and trying to"
Harassing Flight Attendant,I had a terrible experience with the jet blue flight attendant. It started when got a call from my dad when I was on a flight and had my phone on airplane mode. I thought since it was on Wi-Fi that I could take the call. My dad had called to tell me my grandpa just passed and I
Worst flight EVER,"THE worst airline of all time, Booked extra leg room .emergency exit row, Was accosted by flight attendant stating I had alcohol on my breath. Told me to get up out of seat or they'll remove me form plane. Moved to middle BROKEN seat for over 3 hours. Never been treated so"
Terrible,Worst airline ever!!!! Lost all luggage never to find again. A bit nah of thieves. To avoid at all costs
Do Not Fly Jetblue -Total Scam!,Booked flights for this trip months ago. Paid for on my credit card. When it came to check in on for my flight or said itenieary did not exist. As a result missed flight and missed week of entire vacation. Jetblue CustomerCare no help. Complete scam. Do not waste your money. Do
"Lost Bag on a non-stop, 45 min flight",how does an airline loose a bag on a 45 min non-stop flight. that's what happened to me. I was also told that I would receive a call when my bag was found. I never received a call but my bag did show up in the evening. other then that the flight was good. the baggage
The most HORRIBLE experience with an airline EVER,"I must share how HORRIBLE our experience was flying with JetBlue. If you are thinking about using his airline, DONT! They are terrible. My husband and I purchased round trip tickets flying us to Cuba on July 13th, and we were to return to Charleston, SC on July 25th with a two"
Jet Blue,2nd year in a row delayed due to maintenance. Terrible end to this trip and last years trip. Needed to get hotel in Hyannis last year ar price of $350. Airline did nothing for me. I will try another airline next year.
JetBlue,"After my flight was delayed for up to 2 hours due to inclement weather, they kept us updated, and did their best to depart us 1/2 hour earlier than predicted. Airport staff were very helpful, as well as the crew!"
Smooth and Easy,JetBlue is typically a very good airline. We had a small delay which was no problem and the attendants made us feel very comfortable and relaxed the whole time. The flight was quicker than expected which made up for the delayed time. Always great and will travel again.
Flight from RDU to Ft Lauderdale to Punta Cana.,Always enjoy flying this airline as it has great in flight entertainment in every seat. Staff is friendly and snacks are good. Would recommend flying with them to everyone.
Cancel flights & no compensation,DO NOT FLY with JETBlue. My flight got cancelled until the next day. JetBlue blamed it on me and refused to compensate my flight in accordance with their Bill of Rights.
Poor Service,Flight from DC to San Juancancelled because the plane did not arrive because the crew was tire Same day flight from DC to Boston delayed miss connection that night Administrator refuse to pay for stay at DC because he was offering a flight to Boston Refuse to pay overnight hotel
Feeling Blue on JetBlue,"Widespread delays and gate changes, contradictory information from airline reps, repetitive and difficult to understand announcements. Several reps lack professionalism."
"Cancelled flight, no help at all...","My flight was scheduled for 5:30 am and was cancelled around 2 am the same morning. They rebooked my flight for the next day, which, of course, didn't work for me at all. They kindly refunded my flight to Boston, but did nothing to compensate/reimburse me for the extra $170 I"
Terrible,"We were canceled 7/31, last minute, with only an app alert advising us we had options to manage our trip,but when we tried to proceed the website was conveniently down. After 2hrs on the phone w customer service they refuse to refund us and cant get us on another flight for two"
Bad Weather Day Great Service,"Although my original plans to go from Tampa to JFK and onto Iceland, and then continuing to Dublin a few days later had to change on the fly, the check in crew for JetBlue were amazing in a stressful situation. Hundreds and hundreds of travelers had to have plans changed, which"
DELAYED,"I'm like delayed 3 hours for what it hasn't even got here yet to leave. Original 120 p.m. now 430 p.m. arrive after 7 3 hours after I have to be there to catch my ride. Do they off me any discount, voucher for hotel or ride no they say you have to contact agent there. So"
Jamaica to JFK,From the start the ticket agent checking us in Damion Wood could not be more pleasant and accommodating. Highly appreciated. The flight attendants were friendly and also accommodating. Very nice flight.
Worst airline ever,Worst airline ever .... they cancelled my return flight and gave me an impossible alternative which has 1000 stops cause I’m traveling overseas .. and when calling them they didn’t offer any possible help after leaving me on the phone for 45 minutes! I’m in big trouble now and
ONCE AGAIN JETBLUE DEALYS FLIGHT 4 TIMES DUE TO OVERBOOKING FLIGHT!,"I fly a few times a week and over the last three years JETBLUE HAS TURNED INTO A GARBAGE AIRLINES. There flights get delayed 80 percent of the time, the gate agents are nasty and rude. The planes are filthy and TVs hardly ever work! I rather fly spirit."
Typical JetBlue,"Was supposed to take flight 711 at 9:25 pm from gate 22 but lo and behold [another] JB flight delayed, by an hour for boarding and didn't take off until around 11-1130. On the aircraft holding a full party; JetBlue asks for volunteers to have their bags go through checked and"
Incompetent,"The experience of using JetBlue was poor from start to finish. Upon arriving at the terminal, there were four check-in machines; one was labeled out of order, another didn't respond, and the other two ran into errors and didn't produce passes after four or five different groups"
Best customer service agent,"On Wednesday July 29 I was traveling from Kingston to New York on JetBlue, while in the line waiting to be checked in the crew members on the counters were moving as if time had stopped and also chatting amongst them self. There was only one crew member who stood out and that"
Do not board it will make you miss your flight,me and my family were looking forward to Dubai and when we boarded JetBlue I was relaxed but then it had a delay and then we had to wait one hour and thirty minutes for rain RIAN and then when we reached Boston to go to Dubai they made our stroller come like one hour after we
Half and half,Hostess have to reinforce that passengers only place one bag in overhead bin......gosh it sucks....besides that the crew were warm and courteous. Smooth take off and landing with occassionally updates.
Vegas Family Reunion,Jet Blue has been one of my favorite airlines for many years. I feel that they go above and beyond to keep their customers HAPPY! THANK YOU JETBLUE!
Short trip,"Pleasant flight, except the kept insisting in checking in our carry on bags.Other than that , the service, flight and the attendants were friendly and attentive."
JetBlue has never disappointed...,"I'm an easy airline customer. I always carry a small backpack, never check a bag, fit neatly into whichever snug seat is offered, and hardly make a peep the rest of the time. Airline travel is a commodity and I get they are just getting me from point A to point B and I wish them"
Still a great airline lots of leg room,Although it was a 2 1/2 hour flight and I have bad knees there was enough leg room for me to stretch out. The inflight service was great and I liked the snacks. On the way back there were a few snafus with the schedule changes but it worked out in the end.
Very Inefficient Airline,I could go into details but I will simply say this airline was not on time for a single flight. Had 4 flights on Jet Blue and not a single one of them were on time. Each one was 2+ hours late
Vacation,"Jet Blue has been one of my favorite airlines for many years. I fill that they go above and beyond, one time years ago I had a issue that was addressed quickly.My family and I do travel to Panama sometimes and I wished they flew there"
Great flight to and from,"Missed our flight due to a gate change, I blame the airport, never heard our names being called over the loudspeaker. We were there 2 hours early, stupidity we sat next to the gate and didn’t look at the screen. Our fault, however we were able to get on the next flight direct to"
Amazing Customer Service,My family usually flys JetBlue if at all possible. We have always had great service and not very issues. We are almost never behind and if we are the flight crew makes sure to help in any way possible.
Horrible.,I am someone who travels at least 2 times a year and I know when the service is intentionally good or pretending to be good because they have to. This was my first time riding with JetBlue and definitely my last. I ended up losing an expensive baggage with several valuable items
Best Selection of Movies,"On my way home from Aruba, there was the best selection of movies I have had on an air craft. I always have the best experience with them as well"
CEO,"Really rude check in. Really rude.woman at check in desk was abrupt, unwelcoming, unhelpful, and inept at communication."
Always Ask For Alternative Routes,We were scheduled for a trip to West Palm Beach AirPort from Phoenix. Shortly before leaving for the airport to check in we received two messages from JetBlue that our flight was delayed. This was a concern as we had a tight connection in Boston. I called the airline and at that
worst damn airline ever,4 hour delay for a 45 minute flight. this is the worst airline around. requested for them to delete all my account information and they have failed to comply with California Privacy Policy rights. They have not returned my emails requesting where my personal information has
"A very nice, low cost, airline","Due to the cancellation of Icelander’s nonstop service from Cleveland to Reykjavik, Iceland, we were rebooked on JetBlue to Boston and then Icelandair to Reykjavik. We had never flown JetBlue before and we were pleasantly surprised. The check in process was easy, the plane was"
JetBlue was ok,"As much as we love JetBlue, this flight was so uncomfortable for me. Our seats were 1A & 1B, I always pay for extra leg room, but this seemed small. The tray table didn’t come up right and didn’t fit over my legs, I’m 6’4” usually don’t have a problem. Our return flight 950 was"
Class Act Employees,We were grounded for almost 4 hours due to weather issues. The whole airport was shut down for takeoffs. We were ready to go but couldn’t go anywhere. The captain kept us informed every 15 to 20 minutes and finally made the judgement call to allow us to deplane—but not for long.
Packed Plane,There was not one seat left on this flight. Was upset as there were 3 of us flying and we could not find even 2 seats close together. We had not been allowed to select them at booking. Very frustrating as then you get the hard up-sell to pay for special seats. When I have
Lost cabin bag checked at jetway due to a full flight on JetBlue,"I was leaving from a vacation to trade show. At the gate JetBlue was asking for volunteers to 'gate check' carry-on luggage due to a full flight. I volunteered my bag. According to the JetBlue, the gate agent should have told me to remove all electronics from the bag before"
1st JetBlue flight,"Excellent, service at the terminal to assist with tagging luggage, terminal was new with good clear announcements & easy to find your way, flight was on time leaving & arrived early, plane was comfortable, space, entertainment all excellent."
Rude Boston-based team,Almost every jetBlue employee we encountered at Boston Logan Airport (BOS) and flight 493 7/9/19 was unfriendly and impatient from the sarcastic jerk who threw his hands up and shook them at us while yelling “FOR WHAT!” when we asked if we needed to go through a long line we saw
Always fly with Blue,"Had a pretty new plane with cell charges,touch screen tv’s and very comfey seats. Always feel safe with Blue and there pilots and crew members."
My preferred airline,"I always choose JetBlue, when I can. Free WiFi, DirectTV, better snacks. I was slightly less impressed with this particular trip. I booked through JetBlue vacations. They overbooked our resort by a day, then refused to refund. Several of the flight attendants were less than"
Third party,I purchased my tickets through Priceline but there was no fine print on reserving seats but that they can't be changed. I wasn't able to check in until 24 hours before. Once I checked in I notice they had my family separate in 3 completely different seats. My husband and I have
Pleasant flight experience,"Round trip New York to Florida, quick check-in, courteous flight attendants, the flight departed on time and was very pleasant and very professional flight attendants."
Never again.,"Worst flight experience of my life, after my flight being delayed 3 times and a gate change I finally boarded my flight. Driving around on the tar Matt for over an hour the pilot decided we are unable to take off.. then we sit there in the plane with no air conditioning or no"
Excellent service,"I really enjoyed my direct flight on JetBlue, the flight attendants were very lovely. I enjoy JetBlue for a few reasons: 1) Free snacks and as many as you want, actual good snacks like these super delicious kettle corn popped chip things, very good!! 2) you get a real, adult"
JetBlue Just Jives,"JetBlue is an airline that is reasonably priced. You can feel at home with your own personal TV,bring your own earplugs. Snacks and drinks, nonalcohol, are graciously offered. Legroom is good, better than many other airlines. It has always been a pleasure flying JetBlue."
Comfortable and pleasant,Very comfortable seats with ample legroom. Trip was on time both ways. Airline crew were very courteous.
Nice trip for Honeymoon,"We booked this trip from Fort Lauderdale to Saint Martin for our honeymoon. The trip was nice, no issues. When you get to Saint Martin you deplane on the runway and they take you to the gate by a bus. The staff was friendly and the ride was smooth. The only improvement that"
Excellent Customer Service and Overall Experience,Our flight to San Juan from Fort Lauderdale was on time and the boarding process was smooth. We really liked the method that they use to board the airplane which creates a smooth process overall.
Good smooth flight,"The flight was slightly delayed from New York City, JFK because they did not have water, but the flight was quick, smooth and crew were very nice."
"The worst US airline: rude staff, dirty planes, poor IFE, delayed flights","Have been flying JetBlue for the past 11 years and most recently, they've gone down the drain. I just don't understand the hype anymore. Their E190s are completely trash: old, dirty and the TV quality is very poor. Same with their old A320s. The relatively new A321 also has not"
Great flying,"I have been flying Jetblue for several years and have been very satisfied with the service. with a great on time schedule, I am sure they will be the #1 domestic airline."
Excellent flight,"Excellent flight, it had entertainment. Loved the seats and space. The entertainment had music, movies, tv shows and games, Thank you, I needed this entertainment to stress out my fear of flying. It was a smooth ride."
got cancelled with no rain in sight,"They botched this one. They cancelled a flight with no rain or storm from the hour before we left until 3 hours after we landed, We were transferred to JFK - which in a good traffic day is about 2 hours away from home. We refused to go to JFK and they did not offer us to split"
Jet Blue is the way to fly!!,Boarding was on tie and flight took off as scheduled. Stewards were accomodating and very upbeat. Flight was about 20 minutes shorter than expected. Very nice flight that is quite long.
Very Disappointed in jet Blue!,Jet Blue charged 150$ for a checked bag that was 13 pounds overweight. I have been a loyal and frequent customer for years and find this absurd!!! I called customer service and they wouldn't do a thing. I will never view Jet Blue the same again and going forward will take a
Flight experience,"JetBlue has great legroom on the flights to Berms da. However, some of the tv screens did not work for the entire flight."
Delay Delay Delay,Don't use Delayed 7 time to day they don't care customers service sucks flight attendant sucks don't use I will never be back missed connection on there airlines
Major delay for second time in a row,"We make the same trip every year and for the second time in a row were disappointed by JetBlue. Their only direct flight options are the first and last flight of the day, and when we chose the last flight it was delayed from 9:30 pm to midnight departure 2 years in a row. Last"
GREED OR INCOMPETENCE?,"I have had two flights in a row with Jet Blue that significantly impacted my travels and those who support me. In feburary, I went to Chicago and for some crazy reason, it took 2 hours to get from the runway to the thing where u walkout. what was so suspicious about it was"
Nice flight,Slight delay because of weather but made it up in air .Staff was great and polite as always airports were ok
Great Experience,"This was our first time traveling JetBlue and we loved it. The seats were spacious and everyone had their own TV with a variety of shows, movies, and music. They had complimentary drinks and snacks and every passenger could bring one carry on for free. We would recommend flying"
flight from Austin to Ft. Lauderdale,We flew from Austin to Ft. Lauderdale. JetBlue is my favorite airline. We did pay for extra leg room and priority boarding. We traveled with a pet - no issues on this flight.
Good seat,"Flight was on time, the crew friendly and the seats seemed a hair roomier than most others are these days"
Good!,"As expected, everything was OK. Clean plane, on time and even arrived early. Only gripe: headset jacks are always not working right."
Never again.,"I will never EVER travel with JetBlue again. I had a round trip ticket which was delayed for hours going AND coming back. The return flight was scheduled to depart at 8 pm and ended up leaving at 1:20 am. I’m 8 months pregnant and traveling with a small child, was not"
Mr,"This is the worst experience ive ever had since ive been traveling.They cancelled my flight ssying its because of the weather,fine.i have a meeting with the CEO of my company tomorrow 11 am and the earliest flight they have is on sunday.i had to book a flight with delta airlines"
Love the airline and the Mint Experience,"Love Jet Blue!!! Love being Mosaic and the Mint Experience, food is excellent, service generally is of high standards, but it is the Seat, not the best for Business Class. This is only the downfall. Also not loving the change of Terminals at San Diego, but this may have more"
JetBlue does nothing when your flight is canceled,JetBlue canceled our flight 12 hours before departure and did nothing to help us get another flight. We have now paid 4 times the amount of our original ticket price to get a last minute flight on Delta. JetBlue is by far the most unhelpful company I have ever dealt with. They
Nice flight,The experience was ok. The seats wasnt conmfortable and little space for legs. The flight was for 5:30 am and delayed to 10:30 am. Jet blue bring us a credit for the next flight...we prefered an instant credit or money like a gift card or something else. The snacks was regular.
Flight to Jamaica,Overall the flight was very smooth. It was on time and we arrived sooner than expected. The service on the flight by the flight attendance was okay. they were very courteous.
Faultless,"This is the second time we have used JetBlue and it was spot on again. Flight was on time , cabin crew nice , seats comfortable and plenty of legroom ( great for me as I'm 6'3"" ) the complimentary drinks & snacks were a nice touch. No hesitation in recommending JetBlue."
"The flight that never left - well, I guess it finally did.","""Mechanical delay - for over 12 hours - they recooked me on a redeye flight 12 hours later, meaning I missed my connection to Doha, meaning I missed my first night and day in Doha and no reimbursement for the hotel from JetBlue? AND - they gave me middle seats on both rebooked"
Horrible customer service,I can not begin to Express my frustration with JetBlue. They have made this the worst experience ever! Trying to her my niece on a plane has been a nightmare. A glitch in their system made booking w/o minor fee possible and they refused to let her fly or accept payment at
Never had an issue flying with them,"I've used Jetblue airlines three times now, the stewardess were always helpful and nice. the pilots were funny and I've never had to complain about my neighbors. I know each flight is different, but they have been good to me so far. I enjoy using Jetblue and will continue to do"
JetBlue terrible service,"Worst airline ever! Flight was originally delayed 3 hours because the pilot of the plane at the point of origin had to turn back twice due to maintenance issues. Then JetBlue sends a notification that the plane is going to be on time, even though flightaware showed the"
Terrible,"Booked a flight three weeks prior to today. Leaving Thursday the 25 10pm Left north Carolina a little behind schedule, no big deal. Got to JFK and there was a layover. Ok cool not just the only layover 3 other changes after that. Then they canceled the flight completely. Called"
Delayed and no working TV,The flight was delayed The TV/entertainment not working The plane was old (not modern) Looked dirty Pilot or flight attended said welcome to the flight to USA as if Puerto Rico is not part of USA.
ALWAYS A GREAT TRIP WITH JETBLUE,"First, there is no first class seating on Jetblue. But we were sitting in the first row with the extra leg room. The flights both to and from Curacao were flawless. We got into Curacao about 35 minutes early and on the flight home, we got in 1 hour early. The flight attendants"
$15? Cheap with a side of scary Flight attendant,"Flew from Charleston to Boston and on the return trip New York to Charleston and on both trips the tv was broken. Of course, they gave me $15 to spend two + plus hours to do nothing, watch nothing and see nothing. When the attendant offered $15, I looked at her and I guess I"
Good flight,"A decent flight but they make you pay $5 for those cheap earphones for movies. One good thing they do now is give full cans of sodas for drinks. They must be tired of pouring drinks in cups. The space wasn't bad, nicely air conditioned. Service was constant so overall a pretty"
Delayed flight..delayed vacation,"Our flight was delayed causing missed connecting flight. Was not able to reach our destination until the following day. Incurred extra costs for hotels, tours etc plus losing a day of our vacation and hours on the phone trying to move everything. Flight I took several months"
Always amazing,"Jetblue is always fast and friendly. Great accommodations, lots of room! Always great with our kids."
You’ll be fine arriving 2 hours after scheduled departure time.,"Every time I’ve flown through jetblue my flight has been delayed 4-5 hours. Just an unreliable, awful airline. Splurge a little more on your ticket and fly through I different airline if you can."
Clark is My Superman,"My sister and I were on flight 824 from Orlando to Washington DC on July 24th. Our flight was 2 hours late and they changed gates on us twice. All passengers were quite upset. Then we experienced Clark, our flight attendant. He was our Clark Kent-our Superman. Clark went down"
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE !!!,I haven’t flown anywhere in 15 years and I will hope to never fly jet blue again. My trip was 6 hours delayed both going to my destination AND I WAS STUCK IN THE AIRPORT 14 hours coming back from my vacation. Didn’t get home till 5 AM after having a 3:00 pm flight! Horrible
Not reliable,I fly them every other week as they are my companies preferred vendor. Either one or both flights (to and from) are always delayed or late. Their customer is not sympathetic and gives nothing but empty platitudes. If you are traveling for work and have limited time this is not
Love the Snacks!!,"Their flight attendants are always pleasant and kind. Seats do have enough room for average height people, and the televisions do work!! I also like the fact that they serve ""sensible"" snacks!!"
"Clean, entertaining, tasty, and on time","Jet Blue is a great option when available. The legroom is sufficient, the back of seats media displays and free-inflight WiFi is helpful for passing the time if reading on a plane is difficult. I appreciate that the plan in general appears clean, I carry cleaning wipes when I"
No options to change a reservation!,"I was mistakenly booked to fly out a day after my party. Despite multiple attempts to correct the situation, JET BLUE's only recourse was to charge me twice the amount for the round trip fare I originally paid for the trip. Could not use points, could not book a"
"INEPT AND VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICES,","A trip was booked for relatives in Jamaica to Fort Lauderdale to commence on July 24, 2019. This trip was booked a week ago on Friday the 19th July. The trip was cancelled by the airline feeling that the Visa card which was a Canadian one which I happen to own and live was"
Modern and Comfortable JetBlue Flight,"The brand new JetBlue planes are phenomenal. Comfortable, reliable wifi, brand new working screens/features. Everything is updated and feels top notch even just paying for regular tickets like we did. Latest movies available to watch apart of a large selection of free newer and"
"Jetblue MINT!!!!!! ","If you ever have the opportunity to fly Jetble MINT, Do It! Luxury First Class, in flight amenities are top notch! Fully reclined seat that turns into a bed, blanket and pillow. I sat in a private row= Nothing like it ever! Loved the choices of food and drinks. Mint Mint Mint!"
Saved the trip,"After our united airlines flight got cancelled we booked (2 hours before the flight) with Jet Blue. They managed to seat my family of five together and they were so kind and friendly at the check in desk. The flight itself was great and smooth and the air hostesses were lovely "
I should've driven instead,"My flight was scheduled to leave in the early afternoon. I sat in the airport and head delay after delay. After a total of 11 delays in a span of 11 hours, our flight was finally on the way. They said we were to take off before midnight but ended up taking off past midnight. I"
Passengers safety means nothing to Jetblue,"Previous flight arrived to JFK, airline representatives informed to expect delay with taking off due to issues with brakes. Gate agents were rude and didn't want to answer to any questions. 1,5 hours later they notified the issue with brakes was resolved, and check in started."
cancelled flights,Not the first time that Jetblue canceled flights to fulfill others. Same excuse over and over...weather delays in NY! Well tracking flights from Miami to any NY airports at the same time and guess what no delays...surprising! We had expected such issue as we faced it a year
Flying often to Houston from JFK to Hobby Airport but they are moving in Sept.,"This is the only way I would fly non stop to and from Houston,I am going out of my way to use Jet Blue since they currently do not service IAH,but they will in September.I would never use Continental/United ever again if I can help it.Flight is too long to be so"
Used to be a good airline not now. Had 4 flights and all were cancelled or delayed.Phones hang up after 20 minutes,"All flights were delayed or cancelled. I called 4 times and after 20 minutes of holding, it hangs up. Very frustrated. Will not be flying jet blue anymore unless I'm desperate. Website is very glichy as well."
Great Flight,"We flew from Newark to St Thomas with a 2 hrs layover in San Juan. It was roughly 3.5 from Neward to San Juan, 13 minutes from San Juan to St Thomas. One thing that stands out is the amount of legroom on a JetBlue flight compared to other airlines."
Ouch! US$270 Surprise at the Check-In Counter,"Just a heads up - if you book a trip to Iceland from NY using JetBlue, the flight is operated by Iceland Air. All well and good. What you are not told by JetBlue is that they are booking you in an Iceland Air fare class called ""Economy Light"", which does not include a checked"
Airline with Heart!,"We always use Jet Blue from JFK to Aruba to take advantage of the excellent non-stop service. We flew from New York on July 6 and were scheduled to return on July24. A medical emergency occurred at home and we were forced to get on the next flight(s) available, back to"
BEST airline ever,"Just happened to pick the last trip I flew with them but I don’t believe that I have ever had a bad flight with JetBlue. From check-in to boarding to flying these people know how to make flying an enjoyable experience. No matter where I’m going, I always check first to see if"
Comfortable Seats,"We didn't pay for the tickets, they were part of our travel package. Although the airline is considered a low cost airline, it doesn't look like. They were generous on beverage and snack services. The seats decline and plenty of legroom. They are not picky with the carry on"
Inspect baby,Both ways they didn’t board children and babies first . My first time flying and was super nervous baby was crying had to wait for section A to board first . Returning my baby and I were selected for inspection despite not having bags or pockets or anything on me other than my
Excellent customer service,I had to schedule a last minute flight on with Jetblue due to the failings of another airline who cancelled and didn't rebook. In contrast to my experience with other airlines everything was a dream with Jetblue. Even though the flight was last minute it was reasonably priced.
"Fast, comfortable flight!","Best flight I’ve had in weeks! We loaded the plane early and quickly, all the seats had tons of legroom and seat room, we departed early and landed early and touchdown was perfect, not even a bump! Flight attendants were genuinely friendly and generous with the snacks! Will fly"
Surprised,I have never used Long Beach and was quite shocked as to how smooth the entire process was. I found the boarding to be reasonable and they understand that people with disabilities need more time to board. The attendants were very nice and extremely efficient in getting the
Love JetBlue,Found a great airline for trips to Aruba. Love the leg room and service! Only dislike is people carrying luggage on and not being courteous. Our go to airline now!
Mint is exceeding expectations.,"I really enjoy JetBlue Mint. The cabin was clean, the crew was super friendly, the seats and entertainment are great. I have paid so much more for first class on other airlines that has not been 50% as good. Alaska “ First Class” on the same route on their new 737s is a"
"It will take a lot for me to give them another try - if not for prior positive experience, this wouldbe one star","We had a 5 hour delay of our flight, due to a series of events some of which were outside the airline's control. In other cases, it depended on which of the conflicting stories you believed. But my (additional) complaints are (i) how the staff handled the flight once we"
Terrible airline,This airline sucks. Late flights again. Everyone I know in the last year who has used these idiots regrets it. Unless things change soon this airline will be history. Poor service will catch up to you
Best flight,"We had a great experience flying through JetBlue Mint, the space you get between the seats, the food and the service was just great."
Horrible service,"We arrived promptly at Logan airport in Boston Mass, hours before,for our trip to Punta Cana DR this was our first vacation for my fiance and I with our two children age 21 and 14, we had 14 other family members going with us also. Had our flights checked in on line the day"
No respect for the customer,"Flying internationally with a 5 year old; first part of trip was on JetBlue. Flight was delayed 6 times (and over 8 hours) causing my international leg to be missed. Staff was minimal and rude. I was able to rebook the flight just 3 days later, missing the family event I was"
Stay away!!,First time flying with JetBlue airlines and it’s horrible. Flight got delayed 3 times and all of the employees are rude. I won’t never use this airlines again
Gate agents designed to infuriate you,"Traveling with my family to Mexico JetBlue initially did not allow us to select seats due to over boarding. In order to sit with my family, we purchased upgraded extra room seats at $60 a seat. When we arrived at the gate to board with my son traveling with disabilities"
Not bad,"JetBlue was not bad but I was not very impressed. There was plenty of room and it was pretty comfortable. I only have 3 complaints. First, the tvs did not work on the way to Aruba. We did get credited fifteen dollars each though. Second, on the way back we flew out late due to"
Terrible Airline Experience,"I've only flown JetBlue once and it was a terrible experience! Props to the poor employees working the counter at our gate that handled a bad situation as nicely as possible. In short, 9hr delay that went down like this with hourly announcements of how the situation was"
Never again,"Round trip. First trip, two hours delayed. Return trip, two hours delayed in a very crowd airport with deficient air conditioner and lack of available seats. When we finally got the plane, drinks were charged. I was expecting after such delay they will offer the drinks for free."
Smooth flight...tight seats,"It was a new plane, I believe it was a 737. Smooth flight arrived in Boston 10 minutes early. However plane being new and they put in more seats which gives us less seat room and mind you we were in extra more space and it was a somewhat tight fit. We are not large people. I"
The JFK terminal is extremely noisy - too many overhead announcements,"It was listed as 15 minutes late when I arrived at gate 3 hours prior to flight - and it was about 30 minutes late leaving - not fun in that boarding area with a women who announces EVERYTHING loudly. Flight went OK, cabin crew was helpful and worked hard."
First and last,Have never flown this airline before. Never will again. The employees did everything they could to accommodate our canceled and delayed connections. So I commend them. But the airline itself is poorly managed and offers little compensation for their customers. This was our
paid for extra leg room and it was worth it,Easy check in and service was good. The flight was bare bones in relation to food and drinks. You can buy food and they did give us a snack and drink but you had better have packed something else for the five hour flight. We did not have in flight entertainment either which was
Horrible service and confusion,Decided to use jetblue for our trip to peru Purchased tickets months in advance. They called every week to change flights and times(should have been the first red flag). On my flight date they changed gates twice then at board time stated plane has not even left the state it was
Non-Stop Round Trip From Tampa to Boston at Very Good Prices!,"For domestic flights, we typically fly Southwest Airlines, but going to Boston where my daughter lives, we always fly Jet Blue, They have frequent non-stop flights at very, very good prices...actually on this run, better than SWA. The flights have always left on time and arrived"
first flight in 20 years,"I was a nervous flyer until I picked JetBlue to take me home for vacation. Very kind and understanding customer service through and through ie: Chat, phone, boarding and in-flight. I chose the upgrade seating and will from now on. The touch-screens on the back of the chairs was"
Great airline,"This was our 2nd experience with Jet Blue within the past 2 years. We flew non stop both times and everything was excellent. I generally don't like to fly, but I always felt comfortable once I was there. The only issue I had returning from Florida was with Jet Blues website to"
great flight,"Great short early morning flight. Easy seating, got a super great price. Attendents were excellent and snacks were plentiful"
Trapped in Fort Lauderdale lost my BAGGAGE,"I travel ALOT, came for two weeks and stayed in Hollywood but missed my flit and stayed in Fort Lauderdale for a few days"
Outstanding Flight and Attendants,"My wife and I flew Jet Blue from JFK to Grenada and back which was a direct flight. Great flight, attentive flight attendants. On time flight, 4 hrs and 10 minutes. We purchased even more sitting, which was wonderflul;_________________________"
Worse airline ever tonight !!,They are making everyone sit there since 5 pm for a 6 pm flight and it’s still not leaving. We understand if it was weather but it’s not ...it’s a whole flight crew that was not there to even fly the plane and serve their customers. We are so mad that they didn’t even try to
Can't handle baggage!,We flew with JetBlue twice on this trip and both times our baggage did not make the transfer flight even though we had an 8 hour layover on one flight and a 3 hour layover on the other.
On time and easy,"Reliable, clean, on time - that’s all we need. We booked and confirmed on-line, and were able to track updates such as gate changes."
Flight Delayed Repaeatedly,We had an evening flight out of Bradley but there was no plane available. One had to be brought up from Ft. Lauderdale. The upshot was that our flight left 3 hours and 18 minutes late. We got home at 3:00 a.m. Still the cabin was comfortable and the seat pitch generous for
Confident travel,"With Jet Blue, I've never had any problems, issues or concerns. Fair pricing, no hidden fees, etc. Just a comfortable flight."
Nonstop to Buffalo,"Just a pleasure if that is possible. We went for the more room, more speed, more money option and checked our bags. No hassle with the overhead bins or people taking yours with their huge bag. What a difference. Definitely worth the extra $, but it was quite a few extra"
Love JetBlue,"Flights always on time, staff friendly, good snacks, comfortable seats, love the TV. Say no more. We fly Jetblue as often as possible."
The Price Is Right,"For the first time in a long time, we flew in the best equipment. The touchscreens were fully functioning, as were the headphone jacks. Even Better, the captain got us in early!"
JetBlue extra is the way to go,I always liked the free Wi-Fi and Direct TV on JetBlue but the new extras in the front wowed me. It’s totally worth the extra price.
Delays due to inclement weather,Our flight was delayed 9 hours because of bad weather along the entire eastern seaboard. The ground crew was not much help because they got bits and pieces of information that would then passed on to us commuters. We toughed it out and got home at 4AM. The good thing about
Most Amazing Airline I Have Traveled with,"From the time we got to the airport, the staff was very friendly, the air hostesses to newburgh and back was awesome, always smiling and a great attitude, i would definitely travel with them again, they can teach the other airline what air flight should be all about. thank you"
Bets prices and best staff,I love JetBlue and the experience. We recently got the JetBlue credit card because their rewards program was one that brings great value and we are already seeing the benefits with their point system using our family pool. We also can get one free bag checked in per person
Red Eye to JFK,First time flyer with the Blue and definitely not the last. Staff was very courteous and attentive. Felt like I had a lot of room without paying for additional room. There was some issues with the in flight entertainment having to be restarted a few times but overall an A.
Helpful check in guy,"There was this man named Aymen, who was so wonderful, he helped my group and I, when we were so confused and didn’t know what to do when there was a booking error. He did an amazing job and made the whole process so much easier. I would totally recommend this airline."
Top Airline,"Flew JetBlue r/t from Long Beach to Seattle without any hiccups or delays. Flights were on-time and both landed 20 minutes before scheduled arrival. Crew was very warm, and friendly. Everyone on board got a non-alcoholic drink and snack for free. We loved the convenience"
A very nice trip,It was a great experience being that the staff was nice and very helpful also a good ride going to and fro
Worst airline experience in my life.,My father and I had a flight from DC at 3:30pm to a connecting flight from Orlando to Bogota that left at 8:30pm. The DC flight arrived past 6 so of course we lost our connecting flight. JetBlue got us a hotel in DC so that we could take a noon flight to Orlando and the same
Needs to keep the passengers updated,"I was traveling back home but the flight got delayed a couple of times. We only received one warning and then nothing. We waited almost 3 hours, I knew we were late because I had the app. The terminal is good, free WiFi and lots of restaurants and stores to pick. Don't like the"
A BABY TERRORIST SAT DIRECTLY BEHIND US!,"My husband and I are grandparents and we are world travelers, flying an average of 12 trips a year. I preface my review like this because we had the most terrible 5 and half hour experience on JetBlue, returning home to San Diego from Boston July 10th. A baby directly behind us"
Don’t recommend,"Jetblue can’t keep a schedule and is constantly delaying flights over and over again. They will never cancel a flight, they just keep delaying the flight over and over . I don’t understand what’s going on with get blue but enough is enough. Seat back TV has also been inoperable"
Good Flight - JetBlue,"The on-board entertainment was good, I had some good options to select from. My check-in experience was great from start to finish as all the staff were polite I'm over 6 feet tall and my seat had ample leg room. What I like best is that all staff were courteous to customers;"
Jetblue needs to be on time!,"I fly this route quite often and have had issues with JetBlue. I've had issues with JetBlue having to wait for flight attendants or pilots for their flights. I've never experienced this on any other airlines. I really like the flight times and the overall customer service,"
Do not fly with JetBlue,Do not fly with JetBlue. It was our first time using JetBlue had a situation on july 11 2019 where we arrived at the airport late but because it made it shy of 25min short of 3hrs we was not compensated. They don't compensate you like the other airlines I'm use to. Do not fly
Hell flight,Flight delayed 30 minutes then forced to walk to a different gate no chairs got on plane all power went out forced to sit for 30minutes no a/c no lites finally took off circled Ft Myers for 30minutes landed and told lightning strike forced us to sit in plane another 30 minutes
All 3 of our flights were delayed,"Our first flight was delayed from Boston to Fll. Our second flight to go back home was delayed by almost 7 hours, with no promises that it was going to happen. We decided to not wait 7 hrs to possibly not have the flight happen. Transferred to a new flight at 6am in the"
Worst Experience of our life,"We were with a total of 10 passengers. We were supposed to get on a flight from Punta Cana to Puerto Rico at 3:21 pm on July 12, 2019. ON the morning of July 12 at 8:51 AM we received an email stating that the flight was delayed to 4:33 pm. This concerned us due to the fact that"
Good leg room and well-organized service,"My family of four just flew from Boston to L.A. for a vacation. JetBlue was very organized in helping us get to the correct gate, assisted us in checking our luggage for free (on both of our flights, there was an announcement that bags could be checked for free), and provided"
"On time, comfortable flight","Early morning flight, left on time, friendly crew, current movies for free and arrived early in Aruba."
Another APU Fail,Two flights in two weeks with a plane heat-soaked in July with no HVAC. Is the a theme? Is this indicative of reduced maintenance? Is safety compromised? It's not comfortable and four hours late (pilot no show we were told).
Worst experience with Airline!,"My husband and I were scheduled on flight 2469 on 7/6/2019 from Boston to Ft. Lauderdale. After being told that we had no flight crew (pilots had timed out), we de-boarded the plane and were given the option to reschedule the flight or wait to see if a flight crew was found. We"
Jet Blue is our go to airline,"When we visit our son and fimily in Austin, we fly to Houston/Hobby and rent a car every time. The airfares you can get to Houston are very low (competition) compared to Austin (from Boston). We need a car anyway, and have the time to do the 3 hour driver. The flight from"
Stanley Cup Road Trip,"Last minute trip to see Stanley Cup game in Boston. Flew Jet Blue for the first time. For me, at 6'3"""" it's all about seat size. Surprised that a so called discount airline had the most comfortable and roomy seat of any economy seat I have flown."
Flight From EWR to MCO was AWFUL,"What a disappointment! This OLD aircraft has screens the size of an Iphone in the seat backs, most of the time the Live TV did not work. I can live with that, but the tray on the back of my seat kept falling open, so the flight attendant came with a seat belt to wrap around my"
Grenada July 2019,"I have only been traveling with Jetblue, but this time my tv along with others did not work going to Grenada. Another thing I found strange was that there were only 3 available channels to watch going and coming. Besides that my experience with them was good."
Jet Blue Sucks,Sitting on plane that’s delayed again. They screwed us on the flight to Boston and now on the way home. Problem with the crew both times. WiFi was down. I could go on. They Suck
Jet Blue is my favorite airline,"I love Jet Blue. We were on a 55 minute flight to Nassau. We've been on this same flight before and they offered beer and wine. This time it was only water both ways. I feel they should have offered beer and wine for us travelers that are not comfortable with flying. "
Unacceptable service,"We were supposed to fly from Hartford, CT to San Jose, Costa Rica through Fort Lauderdale (FLL). Our flight from Hartford to FLL was delayed due to both mechanical and weather issues by over three hours which as a result would make us miss our connecting flight from FLL to"
Great Flight,"Easy flight out. Flight back to the United States be prepared for Customs . Double process. Heck your bags' go through a screening, get your bags, go through customs then check bags again. If you travel a lot get TSA prescreen it last 5 years and its 2 hours off your time. "
3 stars for comfort and leg room only,"If you absolutely need to be somewhere, or you don't have enough credit to rent a hotel room for a few days, DO NOT book on Jet Blue. My son and his wife left NYC to fly home on Saturday, July 6, 2019. Their flight was delayed to weather several times, and after 8 hours of"
"There was a delayed flight, but they took good care of us.","There was a 3 hour delay due to changing equipment (planes) from Ft. Lauderdale. The SLC gate agents gave out snacks and water during the wait and were very apologetic. We received numerous emails with updates. In the long run, they provided eye shades and earplugs for the 1:30"
So Sorry I Have to Negaively Review,Didn’t want to leave a negative review. But after my elderly Parents flight was cancelled due to mechanical issues and delay resulting in missing their family cruise I had no choice. I understand planes break down. That’s why there are backup planes or agents make arrangements
Workers don’t care about you,The worst customer service I’ve ever experienced in my life. All of the flights I have taken with them have been delayed and our first one to get home was delayed 12 hours leading us to miss 2 other connecting flights. No help was offered and no one would look at us when we
Jet Blue playing games,"My flight was to leave at 357pm it is now 705pm and I'm still in the airport. They have stated there is an oil leak on engine 1 and now the plane is out of service. They then stated that they were looking for a plane and if you wanted to fly tomorrow, they would not charge us to"
Nice flight,"Pleasant trip with pleasant staff. My only problem was that my family of 4 were put into 4 very separate seats, although it probably was not their fault (I booked through AMEX). Apparently, one needs to quickly assign seats immediately after you book the flight. Therefore, when"
Best domestic flight ever! Highly recommended,"From the boarding to disembarkation, this was the best domestic USA flight I have ever taken. The boarding was orderly and assigned seats seemed less frantic than Southwest. The entertainment, real there prong electrical plugs and USB were something I am used to in"
Disappointing JetBlue Experience,"We had a very challenged trip from JAX to BDL, connecting through FLL. We knew when we booked the tickets that we'd have a long layover at FLL, but that is the challenge trying to make connections with JetBlue rather than flying on their non-stop service as we normally do. This"
"Dirty plane,delayed flight, dripping aircondition!","My flight was delayed from 11am to 1:30 pm. I like Jetblue airways because of the chips and soda snacks despite short flights, but the plane was dirty at this time and flight was delayed with 4 notifications and different times."
best flight ever,Best flight ever . Always more room and confortable seats . Food usual snacks for a long trip. But i had to buy sandwiches if i wanted a lunch meal. Fight arrived way above schedule.
Consistently Amazing,"I have flown on many different airlines, and JetBlue is my favorite. I love the seat back TV’s and legroom. I have a pretty tall family, and we often purchase extra legroom seats, but I don’t think it is necessary on JetBlue. The staff are friendly and help with"
jetblue always,"love jetblue, boarding is efficient,staff is friendly and helpful, and flights are always on time. we upgraded to more leg room and found it worth it.do this when you book as it's available on the plane but at a higher cost."
Fort Lauderdale to San Juan,"The best airline to fly in the Caribbean. Has the best rates, on time service, great seats and good inflight service."
Jetblue is the way to fly,This is probably my 5th time flying with jetblue and I’ve been pleased every time. Even in the basic seating the seats are spacious. I also like the free direct tv options.
Typical great service and flight,This was one of the finest flights ever with Jetblue which my family and I use most of our past 20 years(80%). This flight begun with a pilot who started with making us all laugh and depart aircraft with a laugh. This pilot also hired a 10 year old co-pilot before takeoff(10
"Absolute worst flight crew ever especially Shavon on flight 1732 on july 5, 2019.","We boarded the flight and sat in 13 A/B There were three seats in our row and three seats behind us. Behind us was a family of four that was tucked into three seats. If I am not mistaken there are some regulations about four people, two adults and two children, placed in three"
Over all experience very good,New Orleans airport is great. Flight to Boston was delayed 2 hours. My tele did not work correctly. The flight itself was great. My husband who is 6 ft did not have enough leg room. On the flight back I was surprised with another $30. For each checked bag. This flight was on
Jetblue,Stewardess were wonderful. Complimentary drinks and snacks. Flights like they used to be before everyone was scared of each other. Stewardess talked to passengers and mingled. It was a great flight. plenty of room. Enjoyable short trip. Great flight boarding and departing.
Simple Quick Flight,"Early morning flight (5:45am). Arrived 45 minutes ahead and though the line was long, it moved very quickly. I didn't check any luggage or book a seat as the no cost seating was already full. My partner and I ended up seated next to each other and the flight was right on time."
Unexpectedly very good,"I tried 2 other domestic airlines few years back (sfo - las, las- sfo) so i was expecting another just ordinary flight in an ordinary airline away from my home country. 1. My booking with jetblue via expedia was fast. 2. Since booked via 3rd party, i need to secure my seat. I"
Do not waste your time,"Flight was delayed. First they said 2 hours, then 4 then 5. The flight was cancelled with no explanation. The earlier and later flights went out. There was no weather problem. No flights were available even the next day. I called and got put into a queue. After 20+ minutes the"
Smooth sky,It was excellent the crew was very friendly I was on a midnight flight the children slept it was very peaceful I loved my entire experience from beginning to arriving to Santiago the custom line was short and quick
JETBLUE AIRLINE IS FALLING APART,"Absolutely the worst airline you can fly with!!!! They are getting worse and worse at being able to deal with people and they are overbooking their schedule. Representatives from JETBLUE Steven, Rodger, Jamie, Bleu, Ernest have all giving my family different answers. We’ve been"
Spacious Flight Great Flight Attendants,"There was a delay upon returning home, but Jetblue made sure to keep the passengers posted. They also provided snacks at the terminal, and when I returned home to my surprise I was given a $75.00 dollar credit. Jetblue is one of my favorite top one airlines. They cater to"
Most often used airlines,"Travel frequently to and from Florida and JetBlue is the airlines we mostly use. Points system and having a JetBlue card help immensely. Flight attendants,pilots, and all other employees have always been very professional, and accommodating"
Customer service and the desire to help the worst clients I have met,"I made an order in February 2019 for a flight from Cancun to JFK. Flight to August, May (3 months after the reservation was made and paid) I received a cancellation notice and they offer me an alternative flight: non-direct and with a high gift. I asked to cancel the flight and"
Comfortable Flight with Plenty of Entertainment Options,"Perfect overnight flight with plenty of entertainment options. Great snacks, free wifi. Smooth ride. Thank you Jetblue!"
"Good flight, fun pilot, grumpy head flight attendant and no entertainment system.","Being that we purchased the ""Even More Room"" seats, we were among the first people on the plane and our 10yo son was allowed a quick visit to the cockpit. It is a pity that his friendliness did not rub off on the front flight attendant, as she came off as being grumpy through"
Wheelchair Assistance Needs Attention,We avoid flying Jetblue because of the consistent poor service with wheelchair assistance. We purchased First Class Hawaiian air tickets from Honolulu to Fort Myers. We were disappointed to find that the Boston to Fort Myers leg was on Jetblue. We sat in the Lounge in Boston for
Avoid the traffic of NYC airports and fly to FL from Orange county NY.,"Quick check in, short TSA line, no NYC traffic around airport. No crowded gates. I love flying out of Stewart airport in Newburgh NY. JetBlue is my #1 choice when flying."
Not the same,I was really surprised by the airline. I felt like JetBlue was better but I think it depends on your destination. I felt the plane was outdated and there were no variety of movies. I just wanted to get to my destinations quickly. I think I may have to stick with Delta.
Horrible,JetBlue has been declining in service. They tend to blame everything on weather and feel no reason to be empathetic or apologetic about the situation at hand. JFK staff was less than concerned and not helpful often having a poor attitude. I will not want to take any future
Blue,"Punctual,comfortable seats got the extra leg space one. Bins for carryon bag are large enough but need cleaning.Charging for blankets ....telefone chargers under the seat"
Surprisingly pleasant,SPACIOUS! My husband is 6’2” and had plenty of leg space. Friendly crew and clean. No need to pay for cabin upgrade with so much room. I also enjoyed being able to watch TV or a movie. Also they offered a great variety of chips to choose from as your snack. I will be flying
"We fly Jetblue often, and always get extra legroom","Had a great flight round trip. We were a little late getting into JFK (due to the storm in NY), but it was only about 10 minutes, the flight was comfortable, and enjoyed seats. Our trip on the way back to Austin, we were 30 minutes early when we landed, but I was unhappy with"
Love this airline but BRRRR,"We're #1 fans of JetBlue, but why is it JetBlue (and other carriers) from time to time decide to freeze their passengers with 65' cabins? Then numbers of passengers complain,,,, and NOTHING is done? I don't get it... But we do love everything else about JetBlue:)"
JetBlue used to be better. Not great but they are still OK,"JetBlue used to be the best economy airline to fly, however they started cutting costs years ago. While they used to be great, now they are ok. At least the plane took off and landed onTime."
"I believe when someone asks for my help, if I can oblige, I should.","I believe when someone asks for my help, if I can oblige I will. Just before boarding our plane out of Logan Airport in Boston, A JetBlue representative asked for seven volunteers to come forward to the front desk. I stepped up, and was asked to aid on board personnel in the"
My second flight with JetBlue,This was my second flight. First one a week ago to get to my destination & this one to return home. Had to laugh as the airline sent out a text message that the flight was delayed - for ONE minute! Guess they take scheduling very seriously! Wish they offered a healthier option
"JetBlue and ORH (Worcester, Mass)","JetBlue as added service to Orlando, Fort Lauderdale, New York (JFK) from Worcester MA. It is great for those of us within a decent driving distance in central Massachusetts. The airport is small and managable. The TSA guys are really nice. JetBlue of course has better room"
Bring your meal!,"Everything from departure to return arrival was great. Lots of legroom and professional, courteous crew. Prepare for no substantial food on board this 5 hr. flight. Snacks and drinks only."
First time flying JetBlue,"On time. Lots of legroom. Comfortable seats. Needed healthier snacks, but overall good selection. And the coffee was decent! Yay!"
No TV,Good flight both ways but NO TV service in either direction - not happy about that. Some had TV but most did not or it went in and out. Not sure about WiFi did not try it.
Reasonable Airline,"The flight was awesome from Providenciales to Boston, we had good internet all the way and a variety of movies to chose from. The local leg (from Boston to Washington) was not as impressive, there was no internet and the t.v. did not work. The overall service was good, the"
Free WiFi!,"I had no idea that JetBlue offers free WiFi! I was able to pump out 4 hours of work while on the plane for free! Woohoo!! Also, I was in the extra leg space at the front and it was fantastic. But the snacks and food were just normal. Nothing fancy. Highly recommend JetBlue"
Great travel idea,"So a great idea my group of friends had was that we did a layover on the way home. We flew from FLL to PUJ, but on the way home we did a layover to stop in Puerto Rico. The short trip in SJU was AMAZING. We were able to have lunch at a beautiful rooftop restaurant in Old San"
Better leg room than most.,They have better legroom than most. Staff is helpful and friendly. They should follow ADA guidelines and have Braille signs on the bathrooms and also Braille signs on the seat numbers. Also - 2 sizes of the earphones .... the one I purchased were too large for my ear canal and
Great airline,"JetBlue is my favorite airline. Unfortunately, they only fly to Boston and New York from Phoenix. I would love to see them add more cities from Phoenix!!"
Smooth flight,As usual flight was smooth. Left on time with little issues. The only issue was the tv service About halfway thru the flight I could not change channels. If you want a smooth affordable flight to Florida check out jet blue
The worst airline ever. Do not fly with them,"I had two day delay, it was the worst experience ever. I would not recommend this airline to anyone. They didn't pay my hotel, I had to wait 2 days in the airport with kids."
Flight Attendants need customer serevice training,The flight was fine but there were some issues with two of the flight attendants. Particularly Bre and Erica. They placed their luggage and food supplies in my overhead compartment and refused to move them and demanded I move mine.
Excellent service and price,I tried JetBlue and I was impressed with their service and price so much that I got the credit card offer to accumulate miles. I hope they continue to grow so they can offer more routes.
Newark to orlando,"Mixed bag Good side ,traveled with lame female senior not going to Disney.Great help with wheelchair and redistributing baggage weight so no fee in front of hostile line.Saw allthe way through to car pickup for her.There 3 delays and three gate changes though.Support personnel"
comfortable friendly and relaxed,"The flight was excellent with roomy seats, lots of leg room and a screen for every seat to watch a variety of programs/movies."
Caribbean destination,The overall experience was acceptable for the ticket price (not the cheapest but close). The best part is that they include one bag and a carry on “free of charge”. The worse is that the plane was dirty and missing safety brochures. The flight attendants were not friendly but
As expected,The flight was only;y slightly delayed. It was fine. My audio for my seat was compromised but I'm finding more and more it's either the audio or the video.It's making the advantage that JetBlue had less and less
plenty of room-poor seat assignment,"I made reservations for my wife and I for the flight 4 months in advance. On both outbound and return flights we were assigned window seats on opposite sides of the plane. Trying to change assigned seats on line check in the only options were to buy ""more room"" seats together"
Nice fly,On time fly. Afternoon fly clean airplane. Arrive on time. Easy way out. I will recomend this fly because you arrive into NY late night for the next day tour
Last minute booked saved our vacation,"After our American Airlines flight was cancelled, rebooked, cancelled, rebooked and cancelled, we found the JetBlue counter and the customer service rep went out of his way to help us get home the same day."
JetBlue nonstop from Orlando to Havana,JetBlue offered non-stop round trip service and the lowest price over carriers that had one or two layovers. The one hour flight was a no brainer.
First time on JetBlue- Won't be the last,First time flying on JetBlue. The seats were very comfortable with more leg room than I have had on an economy seat on other airlines. The free use of media with a large selection of programs to choose from was a nice surprise. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is you have
For Ryan,"Thank you Ryan at the check in you made our flight better, he is very friendly and helpful we loved your service"
The best flight to Disney,The best way to travel to Disney in my opinion. I have flown it three times and it was always a pleasure. Comfortable. Smooth flight with competent pilots. Friendly staff. Decent snacks and good technology. It’s not a long flight so economy is ok. I plan to use them again soon.
ABSOLUTE WORST IN EVERYTHING,"We booked our flight with Jet Blue as a connecting flight to JFK, in order to fly from there to Russia by Aeroflot airlines. We came to the airport 1.5 hour before flight (couldn't register at the auto check machine, so have to go through the desk). Being the 4 customer in line"
Pissed,My 11 year old has a flight today which was suppose to be at 430 and for some reason it's delayed till 7pm. Like seriously JetBlue. Highly upset
Cancelled my trip last minute,"I booked a return flight from Las Vegas to JFK with Jet blue. It was scheduled to depart on Saturday, July 6, 2019. After checking out of my hotel and getting ready for the airport I received an email about my flight being cancelled. I called and waited for customer service for"
"Depart great, Return so-so","Great access and boarding from Long Beach, Ca. Quick and easy. TSA precheck. Return from San Jose: Arrived airport 4ish, Had bags to check, couldn't check in till 5pm (front desk personnel arrived 5:10pm, computer issues, but, friendly agent). Then flight was delayed twice. "
Will Fly JetBlue Again,"Quick service, nice seating, all the snacks you could eat, free cable and wifi, just bring your earplugs for service. First time flying JetBlue and will fly with them again."
smooth going,"friendly crew, very helpful had pre-assigned seats which were great free wifi and tv entertainment drinks were discounted with Jet Blue credit card great savings the flight was on time for taking off and arrived early"
British Virgin Islands,My flight from Orlando to St. Thomas was great. We were on time and the flight crew provided great service.
This airlines accommodates dogs not people!,"Flew from TPA to BOS and once again encountered RUDE Jetblue personnel. While waiting for our flight, they called my name and asked if myself and my neice could move our seats so they could accommodate a family to sit together. No problem I said, so we were moved to another"
great flight,"i do long term parking at jfk even though i live close to newark,jet blue has lots more options out of jfk and parking is not bad,also flights are cheaper out of jfk,i guess newark just thinks its ok to charge more"
Flying with jetBlue,"Excellent flight. We flew into Ft. Myers to visit my husband's cousin in Venice. We drove up to visit my cousin in Bradenton and flew out of Tampa for home. Because we live in VT, we always have to pass through JFK. We fly jetBlue all the time. On our return flight we take"
how not to treat customers,"I know the weather was a huge factor, but, the way jet blue went about it was terrible. 2 cancelled flights, a rebooking from Worcester to JFK. What? No thank you, Boston to Newark. Now get me there. Finally 2 days later. and then there was a 1/2 delay. HaHaHa Joke is on me."
JetBlue,"Except for the 2 rando kids that slept on me, the flight was fine. I just wish parents paid more attention to their children and maybe a bath or two a week would be nice. With someone else next to them those kids could have been in trouble and the mother could give 2 s**ts."
Very good leg and body room. Much better then other American airlines I have used. Very good snacks! I like using them.,"Very good leg room and body room! Much better then other American airlines I have used. Excellent snacks even on our short flight from Fort Meyers, FL to Boston, MA. I will use them again and do recommend them."
Good flight,My daughter and I had a very smooth relaxed flight. Our flight did get delayed but we were informed several hours ahead The staff was extremely nice and very helpful will definitely fly again with Jetblue.
Long flight was comfortable,The flight was on time both taking off and landing. There were snacks available throughout the flight. The seats were comfortable. There were movies and TV shows to watch on my personal TV. Plus there was XM radio.
not always on time but very friendly - give the flight attendants a raise or at least a high five,"delay, delay, delay (mechanical issues)- but great staff kept us informed, friendly, snacks and drinks and got us here safe. seats have enough room, comfortable, and working TV! What more can a gal expect?"
All the staff on the ground was super,The only bad thing I can say is they had to restart the TV numerous times and they could not control the temperature.
Great direct flight to Jamaica and at a great price,"Easy to book and after joining veterans advantage, I was able to secure a discount and free baggage on JetBlue and a great flight."
Still haven't received my lost bags,I recently wrote a review... hoping this one will spark the attention of Customer Service or upper leadership. Terrible experience!
Jetblue is the BEST,"I have flown on many airlines, but will always recommend Jetblue! What makes them great? Friendly staff, lots of legroom, everyone has a TV and free WIFI. Plus they give unlimited snacks!! Full disclosure - I do work part-time for Jetblue only because I always flew with them"
Our favorite,"We find JetBlue works best for us. Believe it is still the only one that'll take us back and forth nonstop. We always choose the extra room seats when doing the longer flights. Even when traveling out of the country, we rarely go to a place where they do not fly nonstop."
JetBlue,"Our flight was very smooth. The personell was very nice and helpful and it was on time. The return flight left late, but it made up the time. All in all it was a very pleasant flight. We will go JetBlue again."
Always fly Jet Blue,Always fly Jet Blue;There seats are bigger than other airlines..The staff(in the airport and on the plane)is fantastic.Wish they had more direct flights to my location but know it’s a business and they have to do what they think isprofitable.But if they are listening it would be
Mom's 80th birthday!,"Always love flying JetBlue. More leg room, accommodating and personable staff, many options for direct flights and reasonably priced. If there is another airline with a rate just a few dollars lower, I will opt to pay more for the JetBlue flight. They are just that good."
This time it is better,"The ground crew, Vanessa, at San Francisco Airport is courteous, friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating to questions. She was far better than the ground crew at Help Kiosk in JFK, N.Y. The flight was smooth and arrived before schedule. The flight crew were friendly and"
"Clean, nice staff, smaller planes.",I am a nervous flyer but felt pretty secure with Jet Blue. Plane was clean staff was kind. JFK is chaos and dirty with unfriendly employees HOWEVER any JET BLUE employee we spoke with was nice. I will fly with them again. We purchased seats due to the fact there was three
Smooth flying,The flight was so smooth....I thought that we were not moving. Flight attendants were also polite...# they all need a raise.
Does anyone know what is going on?,"Was stuck in fort myers for 6 plus hours due to flight delays....I understand that the airline has no control over the weather, but what they do have control over is communication....our flight from fort myers was delayed due to the fact that it was originally delayed from"
JetBlue is still my favorite airline!,Had an 8:30 Sunday evening flight. Flight was delayed due to weather in Orlando. Flight scheduled to leave Boston now at 10:30 p.m. JetBlue changed my ticket for Monday 8:30 a.m. at no charge. Then the co-pilot was sick so had to wait on a replacement for 30 minutes. Pilot
I can t recommend Jetblue enough,I like reliability and respect of my time. Almost if not all my flights with Jetblue were on time which I believe is a way to show respect to customers. Whenever I get the choice I will fly Jetblue.
Discovered a great airline,"We loved Jet Blue. The planes were new, the flight staff friendly and helpful, the boarding process logical and the flights pretty much on time. If you book in advance, it is possible to get very favorable rates especially at off peak times. What a pleasure!"
Great Airline,"Good legroom.. very comfy seats.. We wished it was a longer flight.. very comfortable... service was great for short flight. Well done JetBlue great flying with you. Would not hesitate to recommend this airline "
First Flight to Dominican,"My first time on this plane and I loved every minute of it, each seat had their own tvs and the flight attendants gave everyone earplugs to be able to watch the tv which was amazing including snacks and something to drink"
Scout trip to Disneyland,We flew JetBlue when we took our six teenage Girl Scouts to Disneyland in 2017. The flight left Portland early enough that we were able to have the hotel hold our bags and spend most of the day in the park - no wasted travel day! The seats are comfortable with a surprising
Best airline,"Great trip, comfortable seats, friendly and attentive service.:Great movies onboard. It is my favorite airline"
JetBlue is giving me the blues.......,So I fly this leg frequently. And I switch between JetBlue and United mostly because of the schedule. JB only has a few flights on this route while United has more. In the past I would always check jb first and settle for United. For the past 18 months though it’s the other way
A very good airline with a direct fligth to Savannah GA,A very comfortable flight either form JFK or Boston directly to Savannah GA an excellent experience for your money
Delays delays delays,Traveling to NYC to celebrate my Mom’s 104th birthday. Scheduled for the first flight out and I was delayed for 8 hours! At first we had no information as to why? But after a few requests for answers we finally were told the truth. No planes available to substitute for our
First time flying JetBlue...but it won't be the last,"From the moment I walked onto the plane, I knew this was a very different airline than I was used to. On my seat were earplugs, eye mask and blanket. It was, after all, a red eye. The flight attendants were so sweet, the snacks amazing and the flight excellent. I watched a"
Love Jetblue!,"I have flown on nearly every airline in the US since the 70's and stopped flying a few years ago until last year. I flew on JetBlue for the first time today and it was amazing. The leg room, seat comfort and size, Delta and United especially United should copy JetBlue. Flying in"
Lazy flight crew. Very disappointing!,"I've been a loyal JetBlue customer for over 15 years. With family in NY and me living in San Diego I usually find that flying JetBlue is the only way to go. But this latest flight: Flight 89 from JFK to SD on July 9, 2019 had the laziest flight crew! I hit the overhead button"
Great !,Jetblue is always great on time and service!! They have the best time flying to the caribbean and also best prices when buying vacation packages
Great flight with snacks and free drinks,"You get coffee, soda drinks and juice free and some snacks too. Got your own TV but you NEED TO BRING YOUR OWN HEADSET for the TV."
True Blue,"My friends and I fly to LA every year in May. This year I chose to fly JetBlue and I think I’ll Be flying JetBlue from now on whenever possible. The flight crew were helpful and kind, my “even more space” seat was comfortable and I got expedited TSA and boarding with it. The"
Good fly,"First time for me on jet blue, I was impressed by how nice Was all , comfortable seats, compared to American Airlines which I always fly before, I was really surprised With service and comfort!"
JetBlue is awesome!,"This was our first flight on JetBlue, but it won't be long before we fly with them again. The service was friendly and helpful, as well as efficient. Our round trip was on time, and the fare reasonable.What else could we need in an airline!Our only disappointment is we heard"
Mom of 2,It was a long 5 hour flight and to top it off it was just me and my 2 kids. Having the individual screens helped alot they both got to watch what they wanted and so could I. So worth flying with JetBlue.
Best low cost airline,"Everything about fight from booking to deplaning was smooth and above average. Flight Crew friendly and helpful, snacks above average, beverage service was offered twice in flight. Plane clean and plenty of legroom."
Great staff and comfortable flight.,"I found the staff to be friendly and get their point across with the advisements in a fun manner. The seating was comfy, more so than most flights I have been on."
The WiFi is free!,"Not only is the WiFi free...it actually works all the way across the country which, unfortunately, can’t be said of most other airlines. The coach seats do really have more legroom, even without the Extra Space available for purchase. The flight attendants make several passes to"
jetblue is still legit,"I always loved the entertainment in the headrest in front of you on jetblue. also, their planes are decent sized. the staff is nice and friendly"
Traveling to Aruba,Best Airline to fly.....to the Caribbean.... Always on time...love earning points to fly free with 1 check bag.. Everyone who works at Jetblue was always nice....not all airline seem to be that way...
flawless airline,"I have flown a number of airlines and still, nothing compares to Jetblue. The crew, the website, the plane, everything is great. You have entertainment, movies, tv, music or just sit back and relax. It is one of 2 airlines I will fly."
Our family LOVES Jetblue!,"Everybody at Jetblue are extremely nice, always ready to help the passengers, with a good attitude and very respectful. The planes are equipped with latest technology and it works! Jetblue usually has very good sales not only reducing the fares in price but also requiring less"
A quick visit.,"Efficient, pleasant. Good frequency. Even complimentary beverages plus WiFi, movies, TV shows. On time."
Best Choice,"I travel to the Atlantis Resort every Thanksgiving and in the past we flew Bahamas Air and NEVER flew in time _ either way. One time we were supposed to be leaving Orlando, the plane was still in Nassau. Last year we flew JetBlue and it was amazing, flights both ways were in"
Great airline for travelling with bikes,JetBlue has always been one of my two choices of airlines when travelling with a bicycle. Always good customer service.
JetBlue,I was very pleased with my flight because of the outstanding customer service Maurice provided to me. He was able to assist me with an emergency that came up and I am grateful for his ability to go out of his way to help. He gets a 10 out of 10. The plane gets a 9 because it was
Comfy flight home,"I was quite impressed with the space around my seat. I liked the feature to attach my headphones, watch a movie or the flight location and path. Crew very friendly."
Love JerBlue,"Am always happy with JetBlue. Helpful staff, comfortable seating, on time. Head and shoulders above other airlines I've flown."
Flight cancelled at last minute,"Horrible customer service! Flight across country cancelled less than 5 hours before take-off left us scrambling to find another flight for our daughter to attend a summer camp. Thanks to JetBlue’s inability to notify us in a timely manner, I had to spend an additional $750+ in"
Weekend trip to south beach!!,"Took jet blue to south beach and partied the weekend away at the W south beach!! Smooth flight and they didn’t lose our bags win, win in my book!"
JetBlue Comfy but Bumpy,"We've taken JetBlue flights from Charlotte to New York several times.The legroom is the best, but the flights are always bumpy. The staff is courteous, and efficient. Our flights have been late leaving New York a few times, and once we had to wait 7 hours because there was a"
Almost always a great flight!,"My husband and I always fly JetBlue and have flown on many flights. Lots if trips round trip BOS to JAX. By far, the best airline out there."
Terrific service,"I love this airline, comfortable leather seats, tv, friendly on time service. I wish they went everywhere! I wouldn't use any other airline. All the others are squeezing in like sardines with no regard for the customer, JetBlue is roomy and comfortable"
great airline !,Usually on time and great service ! I wish ALL boarding gates would provide flight updates.the person today was by himself trying to get wheelchair people on and also do boarding so NO update provided when we did NOT board on time. The flight however got there beforetime
New airline to me,"I was returning from an Alaska trip and was a little concerned about flying JetBlue, not because I had heard anything negative about it, I was just unfamiliar with the airline. It is now one of my top two airlines which I choose to fly. There was room for my feet and a screen"
Supper a Account,"Excellent flight ✈️ room space for your legs, good Pilot, good steward attended. Jet Blue crew are very welcoming and they attend to your concerns and needs. Love my flight"
Jetblue mint,"I go to the Star Trek convention in Vegas almost every July/August. I'm 6'3"" with a big body. Long flights would kill me. I dreaded them. I noticed that JetBlue finally started having Mint service to Vegas last year. I bought a solo pod ticket round trip last year. Well all I"
Finally a positive review for a very good airline,"We were so happy we paid for bulk head seats. They were very comfortable and we had enough legroom. The flight attendants are simply the best. Before we landed, our flight attendant actually picked up my bag and put it back in the overhead. I haven't had that quality of"
Decent flight,The flight was decent. I paid more to reserve a seat and it had plenty of legroom. The flight was delayed by almost an hour with delays on departure and on arrival. This flight was as good as any other economy flight I've taken recently.
Boston - Sacramento direct summer travel,"Newer plane. Roomy seats, great TV/Movie selection, smooth touch down. Attendants were helpful and plane was on time! All I ask for!"
"More legroom, WiFi, and friendly staff",We fly JetBlue frequently between Boston and Florida. Lots of nonstops to choose from and generally on time. Seats — the ordinary coach seats — have more leg room than most airlines and the flight attendants are very customer service-oriented.
"Space a little cramped, didn't know about the snacks, nice staff",Took the red eye. Slept Ok. Very quiet. If I had an aisle seat I could have walked for a snack but felt stuck.
Short flight but pleasant,Met with wheelchair and taken thru the the process. Made my flight much easier than it could have been. All staff were helpful in every way. My only complaint is the cost of this 45 min flight. Way too expensive....
TV not working,"JetBlue service as usual was very good. The extra legroom is greatly appreciated. However I look forward to using their TVs. Alas they were not working on this flight. Bumme,"
Recent JetBlue flight to NYC,I love JetBlue. I am tall and my seat is always comfortable with plenty of leg room. I also love the free tv and snacks.
Wasn’t sure if this was going to be a good airline,Loved this airline. Snacks were pitiful but everything else was great starting with the price. No issues and when the flight back was cancelled because of weather they had already rebooked me on a morning flight. Great customer service
Great service,"This is a great airport to fly out of, its small and easy to get in and out of and pick up and drop off goes smoothly. They usually fly on time and give friendly service while in the air. This is our go to airline if it flies where we need to go. Wish they had International"
Nice seats and arrived ontime,"We've flown on Jet Blue each time we traveled to Puerto Rico. Each flight has been pleasant and on time. It's pretty easy to book online and compare prices for day of departure and gives you a choice of seats, suitcases, and upgrades. Overall, it's always been a pleasure to"
MINT GREAT BUT,JET BLUE MINT best business class service in the air but the waiting area in Ft Lauderdale is a whole adventure. If it wasn't for the waiting area where they try to cram more people in than I think is allowed by the fire department regulations What a GREAT SERVICE WISH THEY
"Et tu, jetBlue?","jetBlue used to be the last, best airline choice in the North East. Now I am considering quitting well-planned, well-budgeted air travel all together. I feel very mistreated by jetBlue, and I am a True Blue member (which I know, means very little these days). When I booked"
Airline of Choice,"Air travel has changed over the years, and more airlines are adopting the “less costs more” mindset. While JetBlue isn’t the least expensive airline out there, it still tends to be my preferred airline to fly. Yes, there is a cost for luggage, which you can add directly on to"
Excellent Crew,We were served with a great crew! The ladies working at the gate were super proactive about getting our flight out on time. The inflight crew was just as incredible in delivering superior service with class. A+!
Less than sterling,"I have taken this flight on multiple occasions and find the drive to Charlotte worthwhile to catch a direct flight at a convenient time. On this occasion it was disastrous, in large part because Charlotte Airport is terrible, from the parking lot (or lack thereof) to the"
Travel to visit a client in San Fran,"Very nice flight, left on time, landed early and had extra time in San Fran to walk from JetBlue to Delta across the different concourses, before my colleagues flight arrived. Even had time to pick up an iced tea."
"Ft. Lauderale to Guayaquil, Ecuador and back on a hand-me-down plane?","I expected a better experience from JetBlue, but I was disappointed...twice. Overall, both planes felt very old and beat up. On both flights to and from Ecuador, either my husband or I had a broken tray table. On the return flight to FLL, my husband's video screen kept"
Excellent,"Jet Blue is an excellent airline to fly! What’s nice is they let you board early if you have a disability. Even if you can’t see the disability they don’t put you through the hassle of asking questions. Also which is nice is they have a screen so that you can watch movies, TV"
Hours Delay,"Our flight was supposed to leave at 1pm; instead, after many delay announcements, we actually flew about 5:15pm. The airline offered us nothing: not a cup of coffee or an alcoholic beverage on the plane. We were supposed to arrive in West Palm Beach at 3 something; we actually"
greaat service for the money & friendly staff,"I Flew on Jet Blue before and on this Trip I noticed some HUGE improvements with the quality of service & Friendliness of Staff , I highly Recommend this airline Jet Blue ,I Can not wait to fly with Jet Blue again worth every penny"
Fly them everytimg,"Great airline. Leaves on time, arrives on time. Attendants are courteous, efficient. Check-in is painless, boarding is quick. Love them. Wish they had more flights."
Almost perfect trip,The flight was great. Very comfortable seats on Airbus. Clean. Almost forgot it departed 1 hour late since everything else was good.. Nice stewards.
Great airline to fly eith,It was my first time flying jetblue. I was a but sceptical as it was a budget airline judging by the price but my experience far surpassed my expectations. The seat was comfortable and services very good. My only complaint was the announcement was too fast to understand as the
Great airline with wifi on all flight,"After flying a budget airline to Boston, it was fantastic to get on a JetBlue plane. Well-padded seats, noticeably more legroom, and that fantastic free wifi for the duration of the flight. Also very efficient - we got to Boston early, despite a slight hold-up with flight"
Great Airline,"First time I use it and I was really surprised, great plane very new and also great service.The return flight was in an older plane but still very good service."
Always a great airline,"Jet Blue never disappoints. It's on time, the planes are clean, crew is friendly, bags were free, and seats are roomier than most. We flew round trip to Los Angeles in mid March and it was a great flight."
JetBlue Review,"JetBlue is my airline of choice. Everything from the food to the service is excellent. Foodservice consists of free drinks and snacks, but optional sandwiches and liquor is available for a price. I opted for the 1 bag flight per person which allows a carry on a piece, a"
Excellent Experience,"Ground personnel and flight crew all do a great job. Comfortable seats, free wi-fi, seat back entertainment systems make flying easier. The only reason 4 instead of 5 stars is the huge fare increases during school vacations when families and educators have to go on trips."
Great experience,"The one way flight was half the cost of United. The most leg room I""ve experienced in coach! And the flight attendants have a sense of humor! On time flight also! Previously, when we had some flight changes due to weather it was easy to get the ticket refunded when we had to"
JetBlue,"Staff always pleasant and planes fly on time. If there are any problems with flights , they let you know immediately."
As good as it gets.,"Flew today from Boston to Nashville and was totally surprised by the fact that even though there were so many more people traveling then usual the flight was on time, ahead of schedule, landed early and the whole experience including baggage pickup at the carousel was probably"
Early morning flight to Fort Lauderdale,The flight was full even though it left at 7:00 am. Left early and was smooth and uneventful. Nice having free WiFi on board.
I gave them a second chance!!!!!,I recently took a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Costa Rica flying JetBlue in June 2019. I was reluctant to fly with them but they provided a nonstop service at a reasonable rate. Let’s face it price drives everything when it comes to flying and a vacation. Almost a year ago I
Good value and comfortable flight,We flew from Orlando Florida to Albany New York and then back from Albany to Orlando on Jet Blue. This was a non-stop flight. The seats were comfortable and the leg room was adequate. The staff were nice . The flight was on time. The price was good. I would fly on Jet Blue
"JetBlue, good value","Good space in seats, decent price, good snacks - both free and purchased. But - they need more locations."
Excellent service,We had help at the kiosk from a clerk who saw my husband was using a cane. She asked him if he would like a wheelchair. He replied he would need one when we arrive in Boston. She arranged for one to meet him when he got off thte plane. The captain advised we would wait to take
"Malfunctioning equipment, dirty plane","Our family flew back from Cartagena on different days but same flight number. So these issues occurred on TWO flights, There was gum sticking to the passenger pamphlets in the seat pockets. Used water bottles in seat pockets The flight infotainment system did not work,"
Atlanta - Fort Lauderdale - Nassau,"Seats were actually comfortable and had enough legroom for my husband, without having to pay extra for more leg room. Flight attendants were very friendly and professional. Boarding and unboarding were effortless. The only downside was that not all inseat screens were"
Very pleasant flight Captain keep us updated had comfortable seats and leg room also enjoyed the movies,"Very pleasent personal . They help from check in till landing at airport .had movies , had unlimited snacks on flight .Captain keep passengers updated as to weather time of arrival this was true on the round trip flights"
Excellent service,"I usually fly Delta but recently decided on Jet Blue because it was cheaper and the schedule fit. I purchased the Even More Room seats which were definitely worth the $20 fee. I sat in row one, boarded early, fast tracked through security, and had a designated overhead bin. It"
Ok,"Jetblue Airlines is nothing to jump up & down for. I used Jetblue from San Francisco to Cancun round trip. It was a 5 hour flight. They do not feed you. They only serve Potato Chips, soft drinks or juice. Anything more you have to pay. Your cold want a blanket? You have to buy"
Love the leg room on Jet Blue,"I love to take Jet Blue any time I can. Going to and form Long Beach, CA- easy in and out and only 10 minutes from home. Love having the extra leg room compared to other airlines where you need to pay more to get more space. Love also having my own personal tv to watch"
Great flight on JetBlue,I had to from Florida to White Plains at the last minute. Jet Blue had the perfect flight at a super price. The times were perfect and the price was very good.
JetBlue to ACK,You can't beat a 50 min flight that gets you to paradise in a flash. Beats driving any day. They even serve a snack and drinks. No nickle and diming.
"Austin, Tx Recon Mission",I love this airline. They don't nickel and dime you for everything. You can check in through the app or website makes it so much easier to just get to your gate. Friendly flight attendants. Always a nice flight with JetBlue.
MSP to New York,I think it was great. I got to watch movies. They also gave us a free drink from Boston to New York.
Flight ad Service,"The flight was on schedule and on time, a relaxing and smooth flight, no bumpy ride, great job by the Pilot. Superb service by the flight attendants and not forgetting the spacious legroom. Great job JetBlue, will certainly do it again"
"Reliable, direct, on time!",I always try to fly JetBlue because flightsY are direct to JFK and are on time. I do pay more for more leg room. It makes a big difference getting in and out of the row. The attendants do their job s efficiently but are not that friendly. I don’t really care about that. All in
Probably best available,"Fort Lauderdale services were quite good. Flight was very good, especially compared to several international flights that I have recently had with other airlines. LaGuardia terminal, both incoming and outgoing are in need of upgrade. Seemed like suited for a much smaller city."
Never on time,"They made us wait for there crew more than one hour then when we got on board they closed the door and we waited another hour inside the jet , it happened twice in same month with this airline unfortunately I already booked these flights so when it happened first time I thought"
"Delay, Delay Delay","Flight 502 at 9:30 AM to JFK was cancelled due to mechanical problems. We then rebooked a flight to EWR, leaving at 1:55PM.Due to weather in Newark the flight was delayed. We finally left at 4:50PM. Customer Service was very rude and and not helpful. They did not offer any food"
Pride in the Big Apple,"We booked an aisle and a window each way to/from NYC and both times the middle seat was occupied - those flights were full! However, with the seat design and the legroom, it never felt cramped. They came with a drink service, food boxes and their legendary snack service, and"
Flight to Las Vegas,"Took a 5pm non-stop flight from Boston to Las Vegas. The flight was packed - just about every seat was taken. From boarding to landing, everything went smooth. Ample leg room for me, tv screen worked, helpful staff, if you needed them. Our landing in Las Vegas was as smooth"
Still a great airline to fly with.,It's been a while since I flew with this airline and I am happy to note that the same great service is still the standard here. There is still more legroom on this airline as standard than with any other airline I have flown with. There aren't many frills but there is free wi-fi
Negril,It was a Wonderful uncomplicated flight. There were no delays and we had extra foot room by the exit seats. The food and drink offered were adequate.
Not what I remember,I was a bit surprised by JetBlue. I haven’t flown with JetBlue in three years but I recall that plane was good! This plane felt older. The seats weren’t that comfortable and there was no place to plug my phone.
Always my favorite airline,I always try and fly JetBlue since I am 6ft 4in and appreciate the room and direct tv.Once again the flight was flawless and everything great.
Excellent flight,"One reason that I love flying JetBlue is the reasonable prices. They also have excellent amenities such as TV monitors for every passenger, plenty of leg room, and refreshing wet clothes after a long flight. The customer service is also superb! Friendly staff all around!"
Blue wings rock!,"I've been so pleased with JetBlue flights from Reno to Long Beach, and I only wish they'd add a flight to Denver or Rapid City. Planes are clean, seats are so much more comfortable, and though I haven't measured it, it certainly feels like there's more leg room. The one time I"
Flight delayed by 2 hours,Our flight from Las Vegas to JFK was delayed by 2 hours we were told on arrival at the airport. We told the officials that we had a connectioning flight SAA to Johannesburg South Africa from JFK. They shrugged and said to arrange at JFK as it was out of their hands. Long story
GREAT ENJOYABLE RELAXING FLIGHT,"On time, clean environment, great service, nice friendly staff, excellent overall experience! Look forward to my next trip on Jet Blue!...."
Great Experience,"Went on a non-stop from Boston to Las Vegas. Airfare was relatively cheap with a 3 month advance. Flight crew was great, in flight entertainment made the trip quick."
Jetblue anyday/everyday,I have had nothing but the best experience with Jetblue. I travel to the Caribbean multiple times a year and they offer the most non-stops to most islands. Flight crew is always pleasant and accommodating. I only fly other airlines if i am traveling to the mid-west or North West
Wonderful flight,I fell in love jet blue! Large spacious comfortable seating . You can watch cable television or a movie . It was wonderful . I forgot I was on a plane. Staff was wondeful and professional also!
Great flight and service,I always fly jet blue they seem to always have the best flights and service. No complaints what so ever
First time with JetBlue,"This was my first time flying this airline but had thought about using them for other trips. This airline was chosen by my company so I had no choice. I ended up paying $200 for larger seats and seats not in the middle, out of my pocket, coming and going because I hate sitting"
Pleasant experience after bad one years ago that resulted in refusing to fly Jet Blue,"Both flights (round-trip) were pleasant. The seats were comfortable and felt more spacious than other airlines even though both flights were full. The attendants were interactive, professional, and pleasant. On one flight i had a minor issue as the TV was not working. The"
JetBlue Airlines,Usually on time. Always good service. Rates suddenly higher. Had to Book with Delta this year. First time in many years did not use JetBlue for our vacations.
Very comfortable with wider seating available.,Very convenient direct flights from Sarasota and no hassle airport. Great parking and very little waiting to get to the gate. Only way we will go whenever possible.
A. Wright,"I fly JetBlue whenever I can. Service at the airport, gate, and on board borders in excellent. My wife requires a wheelchair and JetBlue always has someone to assist us from the check in counter to the gate and then onto the plane, and the same service at our destination, plane,"
"First time on Jetblue, normally fly southwest.",We had to pay for a checked bag but seats were comfortable and had TV screens (bring some headphones). We wanted a direct flight and Jetblue had this option.
2 flights - 2 cancellations,"Flew JetBlue twice and only several hrs before takeoff our flights were cancelled, not for a later time but the next day resulting in losing money on our hotel, car rental, etc. NEVER AGAIN will fly JetBlue, NEVER! First time we were a party of 9, next time 5."
An excellent flight,"Honestly, JetBlue would be my top choice to fly with. With their on time flights, no issues, great customer service, staff is excellent, legroom on the plane, I have had no issues with them as of yet, unlike Spirit, Delta, I will stick with JetBlue for my travel destinations."
spacious seat space,did not expect a nice clean spacious seat airline...surprised our family...will def recommend and use jet blue as often as possible...pricing quite competitive !!
"Great Price(carry on only), Friendly Crew and clean plane","Clean plane and very friendly on plane crew. Basic flight (drink and snack) but plane was newer with comfortable seats. As long as you dont need to check bags, price is fantastic. They gate-side checked a bag full r me (at their request for volunteers) which saved me from"
"Excellent, as always","As always, the flight was very satisfactory. We fly on JetBlue almost every week and find the airline very satisfactory on all levels. Russel"
Great flight to and from Vegas,Great flight. Plain and simple. Comfortable and I watched tv the entire time. It made the time go by so fast.
Smooth flying!,The impressive thing was the landing at BGI. It was so smooth you’d almost miss the experience- beautiful!
Great Airline,"JetBlue was once again a great airline to fly with. Free water, snacks and in-flight entertainment always make the flight better. Even though we were delayed due to weather, JetBlue kept me informed and even issued a travel credit. I would definitely fly with JetBlue again."
good price for what you get,"This airline is really good. What travelers have to keep in mind is that it is confusing on alternatives for ease flying, that is paying for early boarding, priority boarding, etc. Please read the options first before selecting."
Great and warm experience!,"I think overall it was a very comfortable and exciting experience for me and my kids. the inflight TV, movies etc kept them engaged and me - entertained. Also there are free snacks they serve which is something people especially kids look forward too. Also there are box meals"
Easy Peasy,"jetBlue is best value I find for flying. Typically, I run the Newark from PalmBeach or Ft lauderdale, but opted this time for a bigger vacation and since PBI has no direct flights to LAX, we flew from FTL. Clean, on time both ways, plenty of room for my 6'2 frame, good movies,"
Roomy Airline,This was our 1st time flying on JetBlue. The seats are roomy & comfortable. Free movies & TV programs to pick from on each seat. Our flight was 5 hours. Free refreshments are served throughout flight. Flights were on time. Great that one carry & purse are free.
Pretty straight forward,"We've been flying the ""red eye"" for a couple of years now, and find every employee to be very nice. We're really big fans of that ""peanut"" airline, with these guys coming in a close second."
Cramped,"Service was okay but it was the most cramped airplane I have ever been on. If you are 6’+ be aware, I literally could not move once I was in my seat. I am not sure if all there planes are like this but I will not fly with them again."
No delays and excellent service,"Better option than American Airlines or COPA since the planes are newer, not as old and ugly as AA. Great space between seats. Although the rate doesn't include any meal, only a little snack and some limited beverages like soda, water, juice or coffee, I prefer a bigger space"
"Worst experience, first and last time I travel with jetblue","Flight delayed for about 3 hours, no one explained what was going on, made us form a line like 3 times and after 30-45 minutes waiting someone came up with an excuse the flight was delayed because there was some papers missing, we end up wasting a whole day of our vacation"
A Usual Delay,"A ticket attendant was very helpful when arriving at the airport. TSA was okay...we had pre-check, makes it go faster. Jet Blue had an hour delay, stating that the crew needed to rest before departure. Free snacks and soft drinks. Would had preferred a breakfast sandwich and"
Best Airline,"JetBlue is the best airline out there if you ask me. They have excellent customer service, they leave on time, they even arrive early."
Comfortable seats and great service,"I have taken JetBlue for years mostly to Florida. The attendants on the plane, and the ground staff are unusually friendly and helpful. JetBlue is almost always very well priced"
I tried jetBlue MINT and was thrilled!,"I tried out jetBlue MINT. It was amazing - just like international Business/First class! I felt like I was treated well by check-in staff and stewards/stewardesses. Lie flat comfortable seats, great food, wi-fi, and power; it was a first class experience."
long layovers,"The Layover was too long (14 hours) I arrive at 5:30 am to Fort Lauderdale, my connection was at 7:30 pm, besides that we need to pay for every luggage so is $70 extra, the airplanes are old, needs to upgrade, so the flight is 15 hours but it takes 23 to 25 hours long."
The only way to fly,Always a good experience from Jet Blue. Attendants are spot on with service. Aircraft is always clean.
4th flight to Logan Airport,Flight ok seats not so comfortable seats could have been cleaner Service was slow floor not that clean and airconditioning could have been cooler
Pretty Good,Loved flying with JetBlue. I had direct flight to PR on JetBlue and it was my sons first time traveling on a plane and he LOVED It!
JetBlue a disappointment,A longtime delta medallion member who decided to give JetBlue a try. Very disappointed with plane to St Marteen old and tired. Entertainment monitor stopped working 1/3 thru flight. Trip home despite excellent weather in NY and St Marteen delayed because of alleged late crew
Best flight for your money,"Got my money worth on time arrival ,easy boarding. Plane clean friendly air hostesses My favorite snack pop corners. Option to tag your carry on"
Not all that I had hoped,The seats are great -- roomy. And the flight attendants are friendly and accommodating. These are some of the basics that make a flight good. Older airplanes... no way to charge your mobiles in flight. Folks around me had seat-back screens that did not work at all. I fly a lot
Top notch airline,"Always a pleasure to fly JetBlue. Almost always on time with a clean, comfortable plane. In air service is great. Treats and drinks are always good. The staff makes everything great for you."
Nice Experience,It was a such a great experience. I mean since I have being flying with JetBlue I’ve like it. They are always on time and the seat in economy class are pretty confortable.
I am a Jet Blue fan.,I fly to Colombia several times a year. Jet Blue is not only the most convenient for me (flying out of Fort Lauderdale) but the flight experience for economy is one of the most comfortable. Their seats and legroom really make a difference. I love that they serve unlimited
Trip to Peru,"As usual, had a great experience with JetBlue. Everything is better with JetBlue and I will always choose to fly with them if possible."
JetBlue - A sinking airline?,"We have flown many times from DFW to Boston on JetBlue, and in fact use a JetBlue credit card. The past three trips have been less than desirable on this airline. The cabin crew tries hard to please the passengers, but have little tolerance for reports of such things as broken"
Excellent Flight,The flight from Newark to West Palm Beach was excellent. Front row seat afforded lots of leg room. Flight was very smooth and flight attendants were amazing! So friendly and accommodating!
Great Flight-Great Airline,"When you take off from JFK on time anytime, it’s a rare occurrence! Well this flight did. The crew was fantastic, as always, and we even arrived in beautiful Aruba 30 minutes early!! Now that’s an airline I want to fly again, and I will!"
Very comfortable Airline,This was the first time we flew on Jet Blue and it was a return ticket for myself and my family. It was a direct non stop flight scheduled for 6 hours to LA and 5 hours return (due to the wind direction) This was an economy flight with no business class and we booked the front
OUT OF THE BLUE,JetBlue is in my opinion the template all domestic airlines should follow. The clever marketing/branding engages the traveler from reservations to check-in. The know they are NOT perfect but they get it right most of the time. Late departures and or arrivals are ALWAYS followed
Thank you,"I have to say this is the 1st time that I habe flown mint by Jetue and it was the best flight I ever had. It so cheap compared to other business class seats, and the service is exceptional...oh and the food was amazing!!! Thank you Jetblue"
Didn't think this kind of airline still existed.,"We had never flown JetBlue before this trip, we were taking a cruise and the cruise line made our reservations for us. We were absolutely delighted with the service we received from checking in to boarding the plane. The plane we were on only had two seats across on both"
Direct BOS to MEX on JetBlue,"Great value and direct flight to Mexico City from Boston. Only complaint is with entertainment and food/beverages, but then what would you expect from a value airline."
Left on time and arrived early,Very clean plane with excellent flight crew. While only a short two hour flight drinks and snacks where served. WiFi worked well and made the flight seem much shorter.
good crew,"great experience, ticketing was easy friendly personnel great in flight service great in flight entertainment"
JetBlue: ABQ to NY,"Unfortunately JetBlue only has one flight a day going out and coming in. I call it the mid-night express because it leaves ABQ at 11:50 pm and arrives in NY around 6:30 am. However, you can sleep during the flight, if everyone else does---no crying kids. They allow one free"
Great Flight on JetBlue,"This was my first time flying JetBlue and I definitely will Not be my last. Seating was comfortable, they had TV free of charge during flight (which makes time go by faster) and attendants were very pleasant. Very pleased."
I am very happy with Jet Blue,I travel a lot using Jet Blue and have always been very satisfied with this airline even when things go wrong and are out of there control. They are professional and have a great fleet.
Great Airline,An enjoyable flight. No delays with plenty of legroom and comfortable seats. All the snacks you want. I would highly recommend this airline.
Quick & Easy!,"Happy to fly JetBlue to Boston from Savannah, we were there in 2 1/2 hours. Easy to get the shuttle from Logan to Framingham. The crew was very helpful! Love flying direct! Quick and easy!"
My absolute favorite,"Everything about JetBlue I love: ease of check in, the Even More space option, courtesy of the flight attendants and movie options. This is the only airline I will fly if it is an option. Even if more expensive."
Very helpful,My sister had a brace on her right knee with a window seat and Jet Blue was able to exchange the seats for an aisle when we arrived at the gate. The seats have very spacious leg room even the last row. Very happy
"Generally, very good",Flying back from a family emergency. Airline was very accommodating but charges a steep fee for the change. I submitted a request for consideration about the fee. Still waiting. Flight was slightly delayed.
Great flight - great airline,"We took the early morning flight to Providenciales - customs in TCI can take hours, but because of the early flight there weren’t any other arrivals at that time. We got through in minutes. The flight itself was on time, very comfortable and offered all of Jet Blue’s usual"
Used to be a Great Airline,"3 times returning from West Palm to White Plains airport, we had to land at Kennedy. 2 times leaving White Plains to West Palm, the flights were canceled or we had to be bussed to Kennedy. Most recent trip, we were delayed due to too much fuel onboard. Almost every time we"
No TV,For the most part the flight was close to being on time in FL but as usual there were gate changes and flight delays in NY. The crew was friendly and attentive and the plane was clean but on both flights there was an issue with the TV service. One of the reasons I choose this
Great Airline,"They are the best. They don't have first-class on short hauls, but their extra legroom seats are more than adequate, and their free wifi, TV, and unlimited snacks are just the icing on the cake. Staff is friendly and helpful. I fly almost every week and they have become my"
Good flight,"I don't fly a lot, but when I do I use JetBlue. They have on flight wifi, three free movies of the month to watch during your flight and different snacks/drinks to choose from. In other flights I remember having to pay to watch a movie. The flight attendants are extremely polite"
"Best Airline to fly with your service dog ","I have flown Jet Blue in last 6months Three Times & Flying Jet Blue In October. This airline is the best fast service, I try to fly Jet Blue domestically because of how wonderful they are to my service dog. I Absolutely Love their rooftop dog relief area it’s Beautiful & right"
"Long delay, absent agents, terrible food, poor selection of movies","JetBlue used to be the airline that felt more upgraded, clean and cool than the other airlines. No longer. First, our flight was delayed 3 hours. I don't know what that was about. I got an email about the delay, but the signage in the airport said ""on time"" the entire time of"
Connecticut to Ft. Lauderdale,"jetBlue is always accommodating, but when they fly out of an airport 20 minutes from my home, they're incredible. Early morning flight-easy check in, no lines, no B.S. Got on board & took off. Seats were normal size, could always be a bit larger-but are comfortable unless you're"
JetBlue always makes me happy!,It was smooth and issue free. The airline attendants were happy and welcoming! I will always recommend JetBlue friends and family. Not that many sales with JetBlue but they are a great airline to fly with.
Impressed by First Experience,"While on vacation in Florida, we had to get to Boston unexpectedly for a funeral. The ticket price was half any other airline, plus got direct flights each way. The service was great. Happy to fly JetBlue again someday!"
A Terrific Hidden Gem!,"Terrific, a hidden gem for sure! Very comfortable, nice ticketing and gate crew. The best of the best flight attendants! More leg room than most airlines, definitely the most comfy flight I've had in recent years! Will look for them more often when I travel."
We hope to only fly with JetBlue,"Plenty of leg room, clean aircraft, professional flight crew that were also friendly and accommodating. Check in was hassle free. Pilot kept us informed of possible turbulence. Flight and landing was smooth overall. JetBlue is far superior to other airlines used in the past"
Good flight and value,"I enjoyed traveling with jet blue from DC to Orlando. The flight was on time, easy check in, and good customer service."
Fun Trip,Jet Blue has consistently great service with a friendly pleasant staff. Would recommend without hesitation.
aruba trip,"flights was great between the seat space,head rest and built in tv and unlimited snacks and drinks couldnt ask for anything more from an airline for the price"
Emergency exit safety,"I was sitting by the middle exit door and listened to the routine emergency procedures prior to depArture. When attendant came to us to ask if we could handle emergency exit door I nodded then suggested a quick 1,2,3 operational lesson would be helpful to have on flights. ."
Much better than expected,We are both six feet (or taller) and it was a pleasant surprise that the economy seat had about as much legroom as the economy plus seat one has to pay more for with Delta or American Airlines.
Great service as usual.,Most of the times I travel to Cuba to visit my family I fly with JetBlue. FLL is a bit far from me since I live in South Miami but it is totally worthy. I have never had any issue with them and their customer service is great.
College tour time,"You try to teach your kids everything that you've learned, but after the flight I was preaching to the converted."
"Delays,Delays,Delays","The short and sweet, I’ve flown JetBlue twice once to Cartagena and once to Medellin with connecting flight in FLL all legs were DELAYED, and not due to weather. The return flight from Cartagena was cancelled and I had to return the next day. My most recent flight to Medellin"
Flight and service,"The flight was relaxing, the pilot really knew how to fly smoothly haha,and also the service was great. The air hostess really knew how the make the flight also comfortable, and when we arrived at our destination the pilot really gave us a smooth landing."
JetBlue flight attendants make the flying experience a pleasure.,"Their flight attendants make the flying experience a pleasure. They were attentive to my needs, very courteous and acted professionally. The flight is usually four hours and we were provided with in-flight entertainment in English and Spanish. The cabin and bathrooms are very"
Oh What a Fall from Grace,JetBlue has always been one of my favorite airlines. The planes are clean and the seats are comfortable and decently spaced. The price is always competitive. The ground personnel from counter to gate agent are always friendly and helpful. The flight crews from cockpit to cabin
"Excellent for a ""low cost"" airline","The flight was excellent. On time, clean airplane. Flight attendants were very helpful and professional. The ""more space"" seats are confortable (Better than same service at some ""full service""airlines. Arrival at New York somewhat time consuming, but this is not due to the"
Relaxing and efficient flight,Liked half hour early arrival and professional service to Jfk. Big difference from old days when another carrier managed this flight #788 with continued delays and issues
Easy flight and great boarding experience,"I highly commend the crew and ground staff of JetBlue for a friendly and helpful service, quick and easy boarding and comfortable flight experience. There was a good supply of snacks and water and none of that nonsense of having to pay for every inch and everything one consumes."
Great airline but watch the luggage fees,Two of us flew to Reno for a golf tournament. There was plenty of leg room in economics. The service was good. The snacks just ok like most airlines. The round trip cost was only $162 which was great. Because we had clubs we had to check 2 bags. The cost each way was $70
great service but planes are getting old,"I have flown jetblue since it started and have to say that the service is always good, flight attendants very happy and friendly, and the direct TV is great. However, this last flight had one of the really old planes and it really needs remodeling. Also, jet blue needs to add"
Great Airline,"Great flight and crew. I enjoy flying JetBlue. Always on time but, of course you cannot control the weather."
Nice direct flight but I hear they are dropping the route,"Flight was a little late due to gate change but they managed a quick turn around and made up most of the time. At 6'4"" the extra leg room is nice. Equipment isn't the newest but was comfortable. Good value"
JetBlue Airlines,"Reliable service. They never overbook, so there is no chance of being bumped. Equipment varies in age, but slowly being updated. I travel on this airline 8-10 times per year."
"Never flew JetBlue before, Definitly will again",Wasa wonderful experience and I truly enjoyed the automated check in process. Teh flight was comfortable plenty of leg room (we upgraded teh seats). Recommend highly.
Great flight,"Always fly Jetblue and get the extra room seats, well worth it . The flight attendants were all nice and the pilots kept you informed. Jetblue is a great airline!"
The best domestic airline for flying coach,"Jet blue delivers great service, providing drinks & snacks. Movies, TV and radio programs. I always try to fly Jet Blue for domestic flights they offer larger seats and more room in economy than any of the other domestic careers."
"Flew out of LGA, Maritime Terminal","Love Jetblue, this terminal was the coolest, when you walk in it is like you go back in time for a second. Also the ipads make it really easy to pass the time, and even easier to get food service. Was on an old plane, so very small tv's. Newer planes have the bigger tv's."
Great flight!,"Holiday weekend trip to DC- JetBlue was fantastic! Great flight, great service, on time (except for minor weather delay). Awesome communications before and during flight. Will always fly JetBlue if possible!"
Best Airline for short hauls,"We’ve flown this flight many times and it is consistently good. Basically one class, but you can pay extra for more leg room. Not necessary on this 2 hour flight to Boston. Crew is very helpful, pilot makes timely announcements. I flight entertainment is great, many movies,"
Always prefer JetBlue,"We always prefer JetBlue, Seats seem more comfortable, employees are DEFINITELY more caring. Usually has many flights, less hassle than other airlines. Worth a few extra bucks to fly JetBlue"
Only Airline to Fly,I pay more for extra legroom and love it. I also pay more to check two bags if going for a long visit. Love JETBLUE. BUT. they need new aiport staff on the Bermuda end. they were not very friendly.
JetBlue,JetBlue is great. I’m a bigger guy and the regular seats give you plenty of room to relax. And if that’s not enough for a few bucks more you can get even more room
"Comfortable flight, outdated plane",jetBlue is the most comfortable airline for short haul flights. They have the longest leg room and friendliest staff. Their planes are outdated and need renovating but overall they offer a good product for the price.
Favorite domestic airline,Love to fly jet blue. When you fly earlier in the day the chances of a delay are less likely. They have the most legroom in economy then most other airlines and are always very friendly.
Jet Blue Yes please..,"This was our first Jet Blue flight experience. I was very impressed by the team on board, free snacks and leg room in the Economy Class.The flight attendants were very nice and attentive. Our seats had screens and there were a large variety of programming to choose from. I will"
Treated military & veterans like royalty,I'll fly Jetblue everytime anytime wherever they fly. Customer service on phone was exceptional and from bagging check in to boarding to exit and baggage pickup. They were great.
Jet Blue ⭐️,"Easy to board, polite attendants, great snacks, drinks, plenty of legroom. Had to fly around storms heading north we still arrived ahead of schedule. Pilot kept everyone informed about upcoming turbulence which was as bad as anticipated. Smooth."
JetBlue flight from MBJ-JFK,My favorite airline by far is JetBlue. I have never experience any significant delays or cancellations. I had received a text message that my flight would be 1 hr delayed but by the time I checked in at the airport the departure time was changed to on time. At the airport I had
Awesome airline,"Jet Blue is without a doubt is the best airline right now. They have the best economy siting accommodations of any of the so called big three air carriers, good entertainment with live Direct tv, free drinks and chips, newer aircrafts and on time departure and arrival. Really"
Granddaughter and Disney World,"We took our granddaughter and kids to Disney World. We had to buy a seat for our granddaughter because she is 3 yrs. The flight was on time, attendants great and our granddaughter was entertained watching a movie and enjoying the flight."
Great flight on JetBlue,"My flight departed a few minutes late (afternoon flight), but I arrived a few minutes early. Checked one bag at DCA (Ronald Reagan Airport), which was very easy and quick. I arrived at DCA exactly 2 hours before my flight, as recommended. The TSA line took about 20 minutes to"
MORE SPACE!,"Free movies, excellent friendly service, easy to use kiosks and more space than all the other airlines I have flown in the last dew years. All in all a very positive experience."
1st Jet Blue Experience,"We had a connecting flight to San Juan, PR. The first leg we went for the ""extra room"" seats. Unless you are extremely tall, wide or both, I wouldn't waste your money. The seats in economy were roomy and comfortable enough. Staff was extremely friendly on all four of my flights."
GREAT AIRLINE,"My family and I chose this airline based on a friend's recommendation. Our departure location was changed three times within an hours time. Other than that and dust particles falling from the ac vent on the plane, I would say I enjoyed flying with Jetblue. The flight attendants"
Leg Room!! Yeah!!!,"I really enjoy JetBlue. The difference in leg room and seat width changes a flight from an ordeal to be suffered to an experience to be enjoyed. American's are getting bigger, not smaller. JetBlue seems to be the only one to understand this."
"Not a fan, and less so now","I had arranged a flight to Haiti and though Jet Blue flies from both airports in Houston, apparently you cannot get a connection to Haiti from Houston, not even flying to Austin. Nope, you have to drive to Austin to get the flight. Sadly my trip got cancelled and now I have"
a fine flight.,We were delayed a short time by the weather. The internet was spotty. The TVs didn't work. But for a three hour trip it didn't matter. They gave us a $15 credit as a result. Overall the flight was fine. They made up some time lost by the delay. We arrived only a few
Summer Travel,I flew down to see the grand children. Had my handicapped daughter with me (who would be visiting her dad). Upon checking our bags at the jetBlue counter the attendant gave me a business card for TSA for our return flight; my daughter has a physical disability making it
First Class Treatment in Economy,"Grand with attendant that tripled snacks and beverages just because she wanted to. Big smile on her "
Best Airline,Excellent service from square one. Starting with the original choice of flights to the person to choose seats it was a pleasure. Flights were smooth and airline personnel were helpful and friendly. Definitely the best choice.
Our holiday trip south,Each year the family makes it's way south during the holidays to avoid the cold and enjoy the sun. We have utilized different airlines on this trip in the past and decided to try JetBlue this year. We took the earliest flight in the morning to avoid weather and it worked
Great Trip,Excellent check-in. Great service. I hope you get Cody as a flight attendant! Overall great flight!!
Awesome carrier!,Great flight that was on time and everything my wife and I expected. Easy check-in and great military benefits! I will be flying again!!
LAX-JFK,Going anywhere cross-continent from west to east is either a redeye of a real early flight. So II call JetBlue and was told the counter opened at 3:30AM...Get myself there by 3: 00 AM...I've never flown JetBlue before and it came highly recommended. I booked MINT so i could
Leg room is incomparable!,"We ALWAYS fly JetBlue within the country or Caribbean because the planes are spacious, the flight and gate attendants are so helpful, and they allow a free bag. We have never flown to South America, where they do fly, but we will book with them on our next flight to London since"
Super fantastic service on all level,"On time, great crew and superior service. Free entertainment lots of free snacks and food to purchase if desired. The seats were comfortable not crowded and the bathrooms were neat and clean. This will be my go to airline in the future. Left on-time and luggage was delivered in"
Amazing,"Great service, seats were comfortable and the airline has screens on each seat. Everything was easy and very pleased with a direct flight. I highly recommend Jet Blue."
Ft Lauderdale hub was a long wait,"We left Jacksonville @ 5:30 AM to catch a flight that would have us in Cancun by 9:30 their time. Jax to Ft Lauderdale was perfect. Ft Lauderdale to Cancun, not so much. We were originally notified by email/text that the fight had been cancelled. The check in desk made an"
Flight,"I recommend jetBlue, the staff is always friendly and helpful. The plane are kept up. The planes are always clean."
Best domestic flight experience,"I choose Jetblue for my flights to Boston because they always have the cheapest round trip flights. The seats are very comfortable, there is ample legroom, free wifi and movies, and best of all, they are generous with their free snacks. They actually give you the whole can of"
Fly JetBlue,A choice of chips was served. Then there was an announcement that extra bags of chips were available (free) in the rear of the plane.
JetBlue is one of the best airlines for those with disabilities,JetBlue has comfortable legroom in economy. When you order a wheelchair you can call them and they will usually put you in row two making getting on the plane and the bathroom easier. The staff is helpful with luggage and they board you first. They also provide wheelchairs at
"flight delayed 7+ hours, apathetic Jet Blue Staff, great distance to taxis, etc.",The flight was supposed to leave at 12:30 PM. It did not leave until after 7:00 PM. No accommodations were made for people waiting at the airport from early in the morning. Customers were offered one small snack box at about 4 PM. When you arrive on a Jet Blue Flight at JFK
GREAT AIRLINE / HORRIBLE “Fellow-Passengers”,"OUR VIEWPOINT: 1- we have found that, for us, flying out of Newark vs. JFK, winds up being always less-of-a-hassle “All-round” for us ‘as-a-rule’, especially very-first morning flights OUT! 2- Jet Blue Airline AND FLIGHT CREW are ALWAYS PATIENT, PATIENT, Patient,"
Airlines story.,"So out of the many airlines I’ve flown, none so far has competed with JetBlue with their overall. There has been its ups and downs, but thankful it’s always been resolved. I’ve only ever had one bad flight, and that was where the flight attendant was super rude to me, but being"
Great seats,"I really do enjoy flying JetBlue Airlines. The cost of the tickets were decent. I enjoyed the fact that the seats are a little larger. You do have to pay for luggage, so just be mindful of that when choosing thus airline!"
Great Flight,Good flight for an overnighter. Staff were helpful. Seat was a little hard (worn). Don't like were TV controls are on the arm rest. While adjusting to accommodate sore behind kept changing channels or mode on screen. Staff very helpful considering we were diverted to Baltimore
Airport Review,"My wife and I use to fly out of LAX but once we found out JetBlue flies out of Long Beach it was a no brainier. It's a smaller airport, whatever your transportation is (family, Lyft, Uber or shuttle) they drop you off and they're on their way. Takes less than 20mins to get from"
So easy and comfy,"I flew home from Boston to San Diego with my elderly parents....Jet Blue allowed us to board before everyone and get them seated and ready to go. We had live TV, movies, good food to purchase and the flight attendants came through the cabin often to offer drinks, snacks and to"
"Great airline, but old planes!",I always get the best service from Jet Blue. Sometimes free upgrades and the legroom is not to compare to any other airline. Much better! Also very accommodating for kids.
trip to FT Lauderdale,"Flight was perfect, on time, smooth no issues enjoyed in flight entertainment with drink and snacks price was right and didnt have to give up anything"
Great airline,"JetBlue is one of the best. Flight was right on time, and the service was terrific, offering friendly service fee drinks and snacks. Luggage was also delivered promptly. Overall, a great experience on flight 2506."
:LOVE JET BLUE BEST AIRLINE FOR CARRIBEAN AND US NON STOP FLIGHTS,I always take Jet Blue for flights they have the most non stop flights to the Carribean and US. I always get more leg room even though its more it is worth it. The stewardess and stewards for the most part are very nice and friendly. Flights maybe more expensive then some
Reliable Carrier could use some improvement,We flew Jet Blue to San Juan. Compared to other carriers Jet Blue is a better airline. It is our preferred domestic carrier. In this trip we were charged $150 as one of our bags were over weight by 11 lbs. It seems excessive but it taught us to weigh our bags before we leave
Short flight - Right on time,This flight only takes 16 minutes to complete. Left right on time. Boarding was well organized. I reccomen it !
Wonderful exeperience,"The flight and customer service was great. I did not realise that you could use wifi over America which was a plus, however I feel like it should be extended worldwide."
Great flight,"The flight was great. The only thing is the time of the night of the flight. From Aguadilla is at 3:30 AM, and from Orlando is at !1:55 PM.They should have day time flights."
Stay Away,Atlanta to Orlando WiFi and TVs didn’t work. Orlando to Cancun flight delayed an hour. Cancun to fort lauderdal flight delayed 3 hours. Screwed up connector. They wouldn’t put us in hotel for night. Flight bumped. Left fort lauderdal next day. That flight delayed and air
The best Airline to fly on.,"I enjoy travelling on Jetblue Airlines. The flights are safe and ontime. The staff are very helpful, caring and friendly. I receive trublue mileage points everytime I travel on jetblue. Take my advice and open up an account with jetblue, everytime you want to travel and"
Sue,"I use Jet Blue quite a bit, up and down East Ciast. They are fine , timely and clean. Now To San Diego , another story. Old old old plane, broken seats, Brocken TVs, dirty used worn out, disgrace. October 2018 Check out age and type of planes, This one hadn’t even been a refit"
Quarterly flight home,The flights are always smooth with those seats providing ample room to stretch-out and relax or read a book.
Mint is mint!,"Wow! We traveled mint for a 6 hour flight. Absolutely incredible. Comes with faster security line, free checked bags. We could lay all the way down. Food was good. We got off the plane refreshed. After you purchase coach and pay for bags etc. it is totally worth the upgrade. "
Flight quality,"The trip to Punta cana was very enjoyable. Besides the few hours delay in the first flight, the pilot and crew (especially on the way back) were out of this world. They were very caring, attentive, pleasant to speak with and the flights there and back were beautiful relaxing"
How to Make Up For a Delay!!,"Flew out of Boston to Atlanta on Jet Blue on Sunday, July 7th. Very nice plane and very smooth flight. Upon landing, we learned that our assigned gate was unavailable and there would be a 30 minute wait for the gate to clear. About 20 minutes later we learned that the crew"
Flight to Mexico,"Really nice crew and flight to Mexico City, they were very attentive. Congratulations to JetBlue crew"
Great Airline,"The flight was pleasant, staff and crew were professional and accommodating. Flight left on time and arrived on time."
Always a pleasure to fly with JetBlue,"The flight attendants were courteous as usual. I actually had two of them on a previous flight. The flight left on time, got to the destination early and was smooth. Plenty leg room."
Definitely fly with Jet Blue again,"We flew Jet Blue from San Diego Airport to Fort Lauderdale Airport on the red eye. had a 2 hr layover, then flew from Fort Lauderdale to Bogota, Colombia. I’d never flown Jet Blue before we were impressed. The in flight free fly-fi ( their version of WiFi) was a real added"
"No chargers, and the Gate was filthy!","JetBlue needs to update their ""Gates."" There are no chargers at your seat, only 1 station with 4 outlets! People were scrambling when someone unplugged to get in! The staff was also using them, so even less outlets for the customers. The actual Gate was filthy and looked like"
BEST AIRLINE IN THE US,"My wife and I are HUGE fans of JetBlue, they are by far the best airline service in the USA, Caribbean, and other destinations. Just when one thinks they can get better, their new mint service is amazing. Always reliable, clean, friendly, and great price. Make sure you are a"
Never Again,They caused us to loose 3 days of vacation and lied for hours about delays and cancellation. Crooks and theives. Any other airline!
Family vacation,"Excellent, plane was clean, plenty of leg room, staff was pleasant and accommodating. Very helpful to people with disabilities."
"Cancelled return flight..... Plus, they could not care less! NEVER AGIAN",What's a gal to do? Jet Blue can go (you know what) Cancel a flight then it cost me 450.00 to go to JFK only to end up taking AMTRAK. 11.5 hours OUT OF MY LIFE to get from point A to point B Jet Blue couldn't care any less that I was stranded at an airport at 4am with no
Pleasantly Suprised!,"After flying Delta and Frontier this past year I was very suprised to have such a wonderful experience with an airline. Although the seating in economy was all the same, the free WiFi and selection of complimentary snacks and beverages were so much better than other airlines! No"
1st time to DC!,"My first time to DC. Airport was easy even though we were taking the metro for our route and it was closed for construction, but busses were available for free! Jetblue was on time and great price. Dc airport was very easy and tsa was fast!"
PLEASANTLY SURPRISED,Great flight and excellent plane. Attentive ground staff although in flight crew not too friendly. No food was given for a 5 hr flight which I think is tacky and terrible but I will definitely recommend to flight on Jet Blue.
Lost my bags and made no effort to assist,"My husband and I flew on JetBlue for the first time 3 days ago. We were en route, on our first leg of the trip, for our move to England. Of the 4 bags I checked, JetBlue lost 2 of them. Upon the bags not arriving on the carousel, we headed to the bag representative/customer"
Great Service!,"Even with a flight delay, the service was great! The seats were slightly roomier than most planes and we did not get the extra space ones. And we got FREE MOVIES making a long flight more pleasurable."
Low Price Guarantees Very Little,"We waited in the airport for almost 4 hours as this ""low cost"" airline doesn't have very many flight crews. We waited as they flew a crew in from Newark for a flight from Ft.Lauderdale. The aircraft was there the whole time. When we finally boarded, there was another delay as"
10 Hour Delay,It was a nightmare. We scheduled a 6:30am flight out of Boston so we would arrive by 9:15am and have the whole day in Los Angeles. We boarded the planet (the first time) after a short delay. We were on the runway when the pilot tells us we have to return to the gate to check
Flight not cancelled - just delayed,After boarding they announced a mechanical issue with the plane and had everyone deplane. They offered to rebook flights. I waited to see if the flight would be cancelled. Flight was not cancelled and we left 3 hours later. I prefer a delay over cancellation. And JetBlue did
Not recommended,"Flight was 8 hours late, then got cancelled. They refused to work with us, and refused to refund. Stay away."
Great staff,"Have never recommended an airline but the staff were fantastic, they made the 6 hour journey painless."
3.5 hour Sauna from Boston to Dallas,This was my first time flying Jet Blue. The flight was miserable. The air never kicked in and we were entombed in a flying sauna for 3.5 hours. I will not book them again.
Great flight,"We had a super flight, even though it was a return from vacation. Super crew and a great landing. Way to go JetBlue!!!"
I would really fly on this airline,This is the best for your buck. Entertainment comes in a variety of options such as TV channels or on board WIFI. The snacks are amazing. The variety between them was a nice thing to do on their part for economy flyers. I would really recommend this airline if you are traveling
The Must Fly Airlines,I have traveled on Jet Blue for years and have never been disappointed. The flight was on time both leaving and returning. The flight attendants are very personable and are never seen not smiling. They seem to truly love their what they're doing!
"Smooth, efficient, pleasant flight crew. Microscopic bathroom, though.","The flight boarded quickly and efficiently. The crew members were pleasant. All the amenities were in working order. Deplaning was fairly standard. My only complaint was the bathroom size. How much smaller are they going to make bathrooms?? I’m disabled, though not obviously"
Early Arrival!!,"The 14 hour itinerary left us feeling like we were really in for an uncomfortable day - but JetBlue made it easy. Flight left on time, and both arrived early. We even arrived at home in Portland, OR an HOUR ahead of our scheduled arrival, and after a long travel day that was a"
Good for the price!,"JetBlue is a great domestic airline that’s no frills but has just enough comfort for lengthier flights. Complimentary soft drinks and snacks are served, and the in flight entertainment was enough to keep me occupied for the 4 hour flight."
I love JetBlue!,"I love JetBlue! From smiling crew to clean comfy plane, free unlimited snacks! Coming back from Ft lauderdale our plane was the new upgraded plane, and I was impressed with the seats, the comfort and many movie options. Thanks JetBlue"
Comfortable Flight,"This was my first time flying with this airline and I was impressed at the 'personal service' welcoming and quite courteous, even funny and entertaining in some instances."
Two separate trips one month apart- CANCELLED flights and overnight stays,Writing this review 12+ hours after our original flight was scheduled- AGAIN. We did this once before on Nashville-FLL flight- They kept us at the airport 8 hours rescheduling/delaying the flight 6 times and finally CANCELLED the flight at 1 am because the flight crew was tired.
"On time,caring for flyers and comfortable","Very comfortable even for grandchildren in coach. Food was good and the entertainment was excellent, i.e. movies, direct TV and wifi."
K.Y.,My flight was canceled because of many reasons:1. the tech. problem*(the pilot said) 2. the weather 3.couldn'T find the co-pilot. My group and the other passengers were confused and frustrated because the staff in that airport had no clue to help us. Some people cried and some
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER,Long story short to start things off we lost $2000 our first night of our trip we had to reschedule multiple flights all we got in return were some food vouchers they had no idea where our luggage was one lady told us it was already on the plane we didn’t trust anyone at this
Let's fix the plane before offering it up for passenger service.,"My gosh, flight is a little late inbound but they turn it around in 30 minutes and we are on board with no air conditioning (blamed by the crew as the ground support staff were ordered to take shelter due to severe weather at the air field...so they board us? Anyway, flight is a"
"So much better than United, Delta, American.","I’ve been flying a lot recently but not Jet Blue in years. I am struck by how superb Jet Blue is compared to the others. From the much more comfortable seats, to the great service with a smile, you actually don’t feel like you are an animal herded along which is what you get"
"First time, but not last!","We flew JetBlue for the first time and were impressed! The staff was friendly and accommodating, the aircraft was clean and comfortable, and the snacks and drinks were much appreciated (even on such a short flight). Loved the individual TV screens with movies and other"
6 out of 7 of my last flights delayed,JetBlue used to be my favorite airline...until now. In the last 6 months I have had 6 of my last flights either dramatically delayed (more than 3 hours) or cancelled altogether. I work a high stress job and get very little time off. I can no longer risk missing so much vacation
uneventful flight,"just a short uneventful flight, plane was clean, roomy seats, no meal, just a snack. good service..."
Jet Spirit,Jet blue is a.victim of its own success...a perfect example of growing too fast....pity i used to.enjoy flying Jet Blue but with all their delays and cancelations ill just save the money and fly Spirit...where I expect poor service...
"Wonderful service, comfortable seats with plenty of leg room.","I found my flight to be comfortable, the service was good, the crew very pleasant and accommodating. Lots of leg room and the selection of movies were very good, the choice of smacks to purchase are very good."
MBA,"I have never ever been on a flight anywhere without one complaint... leaving vegas coming back ...nothing negative to say here. This was the best trip ever. The plane was so clean and smelled fresh, the customer service was absolutely the best I have seen on any flight, on any"
???,"Flight 1146 was suppose to fly out by 9:30pm but now is scheduled to leave at 11:30pm because of no pilots...WTF! I CANNOT STAND THIS CRAP! JET BLUE, I HATE YOUR AIRLINE!"
Happily surprised with this flight!,I was surprised to find on this short (2+ hr.) flight that there were movie screens in every seat with a WIDE selection of films/shows to view. The flight itself was very enjoyable and on time! Thank you Jet Blue!
Always top notch,"JetBlue is another of my favorite airlines to use for travel. They do not go to all destinations so I have another airline that I prefer as well. I can say that the staff is very friendly, helpful, polite and do not mind when you want two snacks. I truly appreciate the"
Recently made a scathing review on another airline,100% turn around after taking an airline that made you stand in line like cattle for no reason after checking in 24 hours ahead fighting for a place to sit I swear I will never take another airline other than JetBlue. Top of the line service was great legroom was unbelievable
Best Customer Service.,JetBlue has truly stepped it up in quality seating and most importantly their customer service at it's best. Congrats!
JetBlue Vacation to Iberostar Rose Hall gone horribly wrong,"My future in-laws, fiancée and I recently had our first international vacation to the Iberostar Rose Hall Beach Resort and Hotel in Montego Bay, Jamaica and I would like to share my experience for future travelers. We purchased our vacation packages through Jet Blue Airlines, a"
Was great flight and great price,Never flew them before and had to get from LA to NY. Needed early morning flight out of LA so not get to NY late late. Plane left on time at 8am PST and got to NY on time at 5pm local time. Was great! Bring own headphones though or can buy for $5 to keep for future
Greaty experiences,"JetBlue was a pleasant experience. The seats had great leg room for my 6'2"" frame and the entertainment was extraordinary. They still have the seat back screens unlike other airlines that expect you to use your own lap top or tablet to access their entertainment."
Airlines,"I normally fly on Delta. But for this trip to Nassau I flew Jet Blue. I Service was very good and the flight was smooth. I was asked to change my seat so a family could sit together and I was upgraded. Wow, this has never happened to me. First class was GREAAAAAT."
Emergency Travel to see my elderly mother.,"Horrible gate agents in Orlando and even worse in Ponce,PR. Customer services at it's worst,Horrible attitudes."
JetBlue is losing in quality as time goes on,"Check in at the gate seems to be chaotic, disorganized, it used to be easier in the previous iteration when the filled the plane from the tail towards the front. Flight attendants seemed careless and utterly uninterested in following up travelers concerns (in my case I pointed"
Right on time.,I have flown Jet Blue for many years now mainly because of the legroom and the spaceous seating. Checking in is easy and personnel are gracious. Love the the snacks and drinks that are provided.
It was a smooth flight but can be improved,"This time for the JetBlue is much better than we flied before with JetBlue airlines.Because we booked Group A ticket , we did not need to wait for long line ,especially I did my early check in at home with my phone. So, the only thing I need to do just scan my phone and show my"
Seats,So we have flown JetBlue for years and we like to pick our seats. We purchased the extra space seats. When we were taking our return flight back to JFK airport our flight was delayed no problem but when we went to check our bags they printed us new boarding passes because it was
Worst company to fly with,"Suppost to leave at 9:30am, got delayed until 11:00 am. Then got on the plain to leave and the plain breaks down down again and has to be towed back to the terminal. Call customer service and the really didn't seem like the care. Payed alot for this flight and mated other"
"Our ""go to"" airline","We love JetBlue and always fly with them as much as possible, if able. We recently tried ""Mint"" and wish we could fly that way all the time. It was awesome!"
"Older Plane, Lots of Turbulence","No criticism of the airline, but I was a bit disappointed that this was an older plane, and therefore didn't have some of the amenities for which JetBlue is known and loved. And, again not the airline's fault, we had turbulence all through flight, making cabin service"
A Pleasant Trip,A very pleasant flight - first time flying JetBlue. Had avoided using JetBlue before as I didn’t know anything about the company. Every person I came in contact with was helpful & professional. I recommend JetBlue to Aruba!
VERY RARELY ON TIME!!,"Ok...So this wasn't my first experience with Jet Blue. I've flown with them several times and not only was this flight delayed, but several other times I've flown with them, they've been delayed. Both ways. This trip was booked through a travel agent so I thought I'd give Blue"
JetBlue the choice Airline for Comfort & Entertainment,"JetBlue is always my first option. I like the Airline. I am tall therefore the additional leg room is exactly what my long legs needs. I like in-flight entertainment passengers had options. I watched the NBA Mock Draft on ESPEN during the flight. I also watched ""The Hang"
Off to the D.R.,Flight was on time though the loading process was confusing at times mostly because people in the same group had separate loading sections but they would all try to go with the first called thus clogging things up. We were happy that we disembarked onto the tarmac in the warm
West coast vacation,"Jetblue always has dependable, good service. What is nice is that you actually can pick your seat when you book at no extra cost like some of the major airlines (e.g. Delta). Prices were reasonable and the service was good. Our flight was delayed one hour because weather"
Paola from JetBlue Chicago is the best,"I was in a bind because I missed my check in at Spirit by 5 (!!!!) minutes and they wouldn’t work with me to try and help me on the flight even though there was still 45 minutes until takeoff. I went to JetBlue and Paola was so helpful, she made sure I got on the next flight"
Jetblue Flight,Great flight from Fort Lauderdale to Cancun. It is a very quick trip. Prefer afternoon flight at approximately 3pm so We can arrived early to the Hotel.
Fly JetBlue and say goodbye to your vacation!,"My family and I were on our first vacation of the year headed to Puerto Rico. Our plane had engine problems so they cancelled it after hours of us sitting on the plane while they investigated. After 2 hours of waiting on the plane and another hour waiting to rebook, all flights"
Palm vacation,"Jet Blue was wonderful. Due to weather in New York, we were unable to leave Palm Springs the day we were supposed to. Jet Blue was great at getting us a flight out the next day and gave us an upgrade for a small increase. Would fly with them again."
Early departure was not informed,"Horrible experience. Today, I had a flight to Orlando. I was in the terminal earlier and waited to be called. Around 1:00 pm I went to get something to eat. I wasn’t away more than 15- 20 minutes. The flight was scheduled to depart at 1:40. I came back the plane was gone!"
Messy aitctaft,"After brushing off the bits of food, crumbs, chocolate chips from my seat I found the armrest and seatback placed safety card sticky as if someone spilled a soft drink all over the area. I just asked my travel arranger to not use this airline anymore, if at all possible."
The Longest Day,Well I guess any flight you walk away from is a good one. This one was an hour late to start but they did find a new plane. Only problem was the wing had a mechanical problem so we deplaned. Waited two hours and they fixed it. Reboarded but weather kept us on the ground. Then
Pleasant flight from Boston to Atlanta,"Better than expected flight to Atlanta from Boston in June this year. Flight was on time, seat was comfortable, cabin service was good. No problem finding space for my carry-on. Decent in-flight entertainment."
good value,"JetBlue is our go to airline when traveling back and forth to Florida. We always upgrade to ""Even More"" space seats which is getting expensive but it gets you thru TSA faster, on the plane earlier and more legroom."
Used to be a good airline - NO LONGER!,"New York to Charlotte. I've been a loyal jetblue customer for over a decade and they 'were' always my go-to airline. This changed on this flight from JFK to Charlotte that was delayed 6 hours. Now, we all know delays are possible and when they are based on weather or things not"
No way to treat a Veteran,"I did not take this trip, but my Veteran friend tried to. She was told 3 different times she could take her two service dogs on the plane trip with her. When she got to the airport they denied her boarding with both dogs. This caused her to miss her flight and much anxiety. This"
Easy,"The flight took off and landed on time. Seats were comfortable with plenty of knee room, which we purchased (I'm 6'1""). Friendly attendants and good service with drinks and snacks. Good tv/wifi available."
Always a delay from Orlando to White Plains,"Terrible experience with JetBlue when trying to fly from Orlando, FL. to White Plains, NY. I encountered multiple delays, gate changes and flight changes adding up to 5 hours. No compensation was offered"
I understand but,Hey I love jet blue. Been flying since it’s inception. They are getting to be a bit too Corporate for my taste. Most flight attendant range from horrifically terrible to just ok. We had a flight attendant by the name of Phillip who was so fantastic. He obviously loves his
Denied Emotional Support Animal despite prior Approval,Hi carefully reviewed all the requirements to bring an emotional support animal on my JetBlue flight. I submitted all information on their website 48 hours before flying. I then called JetBlue and went over the paperwork to make sure I wasn’t missing anything. When I got to the
Jet Blue's Mosaic is great if you travel in and out of hubs (like Boston),"More Speed, more Room and Jet Blue does a nice job of managing their flights and communication around changes"
Jet Blue,"I never want to fly with Jet Blue again. Our flight was delayed 5 times, we got on the plane, then they made us get back off the plane (at 1am) because the staff's shift was over. They canceled our flight. The soonest they could get us on another flight was THREE DAYS LATER. We"
Comfortable Flight,"I am a nervous flyer, but the flight attendants were so calm and confident that I was relaxed. They were professional and fun! Turns out the worse part is boarding...everyone bunches up at the gate and blocks the entrance and the boarding agents do nothing about it. "
Attendents are the best ; Laid back with a sense of humor!!!!,"I love Jet Blue, I'm a nervous flier and their attendants always make me feel so at ease! They are relaxed, polite and always willing to do just about anything to make your flight a more enjoyable experience."
last minute cancellation of flight,"JetBlue cancelled my flight at 8AM due to ""mechanical problems' and did not offer another flight out on the same day. I had to book another flight on a different airline at twice the price. The airport ticket agent could not assist in finding another flight . When I asked for a"
Friendly - Free WiFi,"I have always found the JetBlue staff to be very friendly. My most recent flight unfortunately was delayed several hours due to weather, but the staff and then the pilot kept us up-to-date and provided drinks while we waited on the plane after boarding."
JetBlue seems to value customer service,"Free WiFi, lots of snacks, friendly cabin personnel. A good flight even if we hit a storm in NY and ended up not being a nonstop."
Small airlines have low number of gates,You may arrive early but they don't have many gates and hence you will be sitting inside the plane after landing for hours waiting for the gate to be free. Don't take this flight too Chicago ever
ON TIME Both Ways and Charging stations under all the airplanes seats,"Jet Blue has cleaner planes, leather seats that at least feel cleaner than the cloth ones. They did offer a drink & snack both ways. Its been a few years since I have flown with them but had trips in May and June both out of Ft. Lauderdale. Number one best thing is your own TV"
Mint class JetBlue,I am a jet blue person from now on. Use to fly Untied but no more. Wonderful staff. Exceptional seats and great food.
Reasonable cost for good service,"Never have an issue with Jetblue. Seats are comfortable. Service was fine. Free snacks and soda. Free movies did go down at beginning of flight but they fixed it pretty quick. Our tuesday flight to aruba was not full, so plenty of space to spread out. Check in process no"
Amazing customer service,My husband and I recently flew JetBlue and our experience was amazing. From booking our flights to the actual flight everything went perfectly. I am suffering from a stage 4 cancer and I have never seen an airline be more accommodating to my needs. They truly went above and
JetBlue is slipping down a dangerous slope in customer service.,"I have been flying with JetBlue since the airline first started in or about 2000 in New York City. Over the years, two features made JetBlue stand out in my mind among other airlines serving into and out of the New York area: (1) its famous blue chips for snack, and (2) its on"
Mr.,One hour delay and counting on a bright sunny day! Claiming staffing of crew. Mismanagement of processes. Fight 789 JFK to Orlando.
jetBlue excellent but needs a tweak.,"jetblue’s Crew was superb — as they always seem to be. The plane was very clean as is also typical. My only suggestion is that they tweak their maintenance of the media system (including WiFi), since this was the third flight I’ve had in a few weeks in which the crew had to"
Worst airline in the world,"This was the worst experience of my life. The flight kept constantly being delayed, with updates every hour about a new delay. When it was finally time to board, we were told the flight was oversold, “luckily” I made the cut and got in the line to get into this horrible smelly"
Frequent delays PBI - HPN,"I do understand that if there’s inclement weather, there will be delays in flight. This is not the first time this happened to me and family but more than enough to write this review. JetBlue delays the flight numerous times and then finally will cancel it after more than 8"
Worst Flying Experience of my life!,"After spending $10,000.00 on flights the least that Jet Blue could’ve done was be courteous. I booked a group for a missions trip. Part of the team flew out on Saturday June 22nd and battled delays. The second part of the team flew out on Monday June 24th. This flight was"
Delayed,Jet Blur Flights delayed again this time because they did not ask for a different gate to arrive at . Original gate had another delayed flight still at it and made flight coming in wait on tarmac for 45 minutes until gate was available. Airport area and area gates all empty and
Pleasant Non-Stop Flight,"Flight was delayed 1 hr due to weather, but arrival was only 30 minutes late. The pilot kept us informed as to our place in line for take-off, when we might experience a little turbulence, flight time and weather in Syracuse. Upon arrival, he thanked the passengers. The stewards"
DD,Both flights coming and going were both delayed. Both Boston and Rdu weather was fine as well as NY .. I heard weather then mechanical and then weather again but couldn’t understand when weather radar not showing major weather over RDUor NY or Boston....
Not too Happy,"We went to check in and they make you do it with the kiosk now,so because we had to wait in line for those who did not know how to do it, our turn ended up being 57 mins before flight took off and they would not let us board, you have to check in 1 hour before, so we had to wait"
20 hours of trash,"I waited in an air port for 20 hours being told “they were on their way” Well guess what. They were not "
"2013 My favorite airline, now 2019 the worst","Back in 2013 JetBlue was my favorite airline, new planes with individual seat TVs, great service, great snacks, ran on time.... Wow! They are terrible now. Old planes with TVs that dont work, no free wifi, and worst of all no texting or emailing or even updating the flight"
Awfully bad experience.,"Awfully bad experience. I travelled from FLL to SFO with my family. 1. Jet Blue prices grow much faster then other companies when you add just the basic option, in my case it was +50%, that puts this company to the same category with American Airlines, United, etc. 2. For this"
Week long getaway,The flight was on schedule round trip. We have flown JetBlue before and there’s always been some kind of delay. Snacks and drinks are pretty standard. Pilot communicated with passengers along the way. Overall good flights.
Predictable.,Flight was weather delayed. Happens. Gate staff kept us informed. Cabin crew did their best to get the full flight boarded as quickly as possible. Flight was bumpy but tolerable. Arrival was only @10 minutes late. Not bad
"Flight 1993 on June 17,2019 Waited 10 hours for a 40 minute flight to Bahamas","Flight 1993 on June 17 from the Fort Lauderdale Airport going to Nassau, Bahamas was scheduled to leave at 1:40 that afternoon. The weather that day was cloudy and rainy all around even in the Bahamas. We got on the plane on time and began to taxi out to the runway where we had"
Jamaica vacation,"Ft Lauderdale was ok. But the Montego Bay setup was poor, though to be fair is really the fault of the airport."
"Great airline. Ontime, comfy seats, helpful flight attendants","Excellent ontime service. whenever possible, we will select JetBlue for our flying. The flights are reliable. The attendants are helpful."
"Almost missed the connection flight, but made it","We had some problems checking in and we had to have our boarding pass printed again. We almost missed the flight because picking up the luggage bringing it back to the other terminal, reprint the passes at the JetBlue desk and going through the TSA check took a very long time."
Wonderful airline,This was my first trip on Jet Blue. What a great airline! No hassles. No baggage fee rip off (including a set of golf clubs).. great staff.
Jet Blue is simply the best airline to Aruba!,"We have flown Jet Blue 17 times (to Aruba) out of 20. The 2 times we didn't was a nightmare. Layovers. Never again. So for the last 17 years we only fly Jet Blue out of Boston. They are always on time, very accommodating, and now with new touch screens for movies and regular"
What are the odds !,"What are the odds sitting next to the same unruly family of four, on both coming and going flights. The two children who were about 4 and 5 yrs. old were so miss behaved and loud for the entire time from boarded the plane till we landed. The little girl went to the exit row"
Disappointment at the highest level,"First I will admit I typically travel on Delta in first class however I had heard good things about JetBlue and read some reviews. Unfortunately the trip both from Orlando to Montego bay and back were miserable. The airline was completely disorganized, One of the flight"
The worst customer service and on time departures,"I will start by saying that Jetblue used to be one of my favorite airlanes but the last 2 trips from San Juan, disappointing. Both times the departure was delayed. The last trip, the departure was delayed by close to two hours. Landed in Florida and the pilot asked everyone to"
“The worst people fly this airline”,There is something called flying etiquette. The JetBlue customers have no idea what that is. It’s ashame. Two times in a row we’ve experienced rude and obnoxious customers and the flight crew never steps in. One customer pushed my husband in an effort to deplane while the doors
Buffalo to LA,"JetBlue is among my top 2 airlines to fly. Always friendly, helpful attendants. Experienced pilots, always a smooth, safe flight. Seating is roomy. In-flight movies are a bonus."
Five Star Service,I flew on jetBlue in June 2019. I asked the jetBlue staff for an available window seat on both legs of my itinerary. The staff granted my request both times. The plane was clean. The seats were spacious. And the flight attendants were pleasant. I highly recommend this airline to
But wait a minute . . .,"Wonderful that you choose your seat at booking. Not so wonderful competing for overhead bin space. Wonderful screen amenities when they work, but not so wonderful being held ""hostage"" for the JetBlue credit card promotions!"
Owner several lodges,Use only if given free ticket.Staff just doesn't seem to care.They have been dismissive.When I changed my flight time I was charged over 200 dollars.When they change flight time its 'We could care less and we won't help you with your connections or problems with delay.'There's
Jet blue is the best,"Great seat. We purchased the extra space seats, but the regular seats are fine The snacks were adequate for the length of the flight. The staff was friendly as always"
Cancelled our flight and didnt have any options for us!,"It is ok for weather to call for a cancelled flight, what wasnt ok was the fact that no one cared, gave us any options. We were almost stranded in NYC an extra day!"
favorite airline,By far the best Airline for departures from NYC to the Caribbean always early arrivals and have never had a cancellation and the nicest flight attendants
Smooth Fly,"Smooth takeoff , smooth flying over space ,smooth lending, much more leg space than others. Very comfortable seating, entertainment through out the flight in your personal tv . Flight timings perfect. Always fly with JetBlue ."
Reliable and great,"Been using Jetblue to fly from NYC to PR and back now for years and would never use anyone else. Entertainment on board is always good and up to date. Snack and drinks are always good also, even though the same, but good and reliable so cannot go wrong. I have never had a"
a very smooth ride,"Though it is a short flight from Orlando to Cancun, the flight attendants were courteous, cheerful, and attentive. The flight crew was excellent."
Terrible from beginning to end,"Where do I begin? I just don't even know. I have been on a fair share of flights on various airlines, but this particular flight and experience in general will go down as one of my top worst ever. Starting with check in, the staff there was zero friendly and zero helpful. The"
Awful,"Late for 3 hours for no proper reason. No apologies, no compensation, even food vouchers. Wouldn't recommend."
"Terrible, expensive experience","I recently had a major problem with Jet Blue, which was not rectified by the airline. I tried to contact Jet Blue online, but was unable to get through the system. On June 19th, I had a connecting flight from Boston to Minneapolis (Flight 2235). The flight departure time was"
A Peaceful Bird in the Sky,"JetBlue is one of my husband's and I’s Preferred airplane carrier for international trips to the Caribbean. As always JetBlue did not disappoint on the flight from Chicago O’Hare to Fort Lauderdale, FL. When we landed in Florida fir our layover the app notified us of a gate"
Lots of Leg Room,We travel jet blue as often as possible. They are the only airline with plenty of leg room and you don’t feel like your knee are at your chin when sitting down. My husband is tall and is able to fit in their seats very comfortably. The crew are always nice /friendly and
great flight,First time flying Jet Blue nice service the flight attendants was superb leg room was just great overall I was comfortable .
Jet blue is nice,"its decent flight , Good food options to purchase and cocktails as well; the best is you can plug in your headphones (wired) and watch a ton of latest movies."
Very Helpful When Wheelchair Broken,Great flight both ways. Seats are roomy and flight attendants friendly and helpful. Soft Drinks and snacks free and movies and tv available free as well. Ground crew not affiliated with them broke my dad wheelchair trying to push him up the ramp into the plane at Turks and
Nice Flight,"Nice direct flight from Boston to Bermuda, and in less than two hours and we're enjoying the beauty of the islands."
Traveling internationally unable to make it to flight.,Would not recommend this airline to anyone. Flight was delayed. Customer service sucks they don’t listen to you at all. They don’t care about there customers. They ignore people and treat them with no respect.
Good flight but bad terminal experience,Jetblue has improved the layout of their cabins and offer bigger high definition screens. The choice of movies was good but Jetblue should offer free headphones which they can collect back at the end of the flight like other airlines. Leg space and recline were good. The rest
Great customer service,I will always be thankful to the Customer Service lady that help me and my family at the Jetblue desk in Fort Lauderdale in August 2018. We flew from Baltimore with a connecting flight in Fort Lauderdale and heading to Cuba. We weren't aware that our passports needed to be
What is an airline without water,"While I get that flights have technical difficulties, but no bottled water, give me a break. I called the customer service to report the issue, I was told that the flight should have bottled water. BUT IT DIDN'T, SO DISGUSTED WITH JETBLUE"
Delay to to plane maintenance,We were in Portland Oregon. Had boarded and were then told we had to deplane. There was 'a crack on the engine exhaust'. Who knows what would have happened if we tried to make it to Boston but I sincerely appreciate their putting our safety ahead of our desire to reach our
Pretty disappointed in the experience on JetBlue,"We took jetBlue roundtrip to Cancun (changing planes in JFK) because the fare was the best price. So that's a positive thing. But in the current world of airline competition, jetBlue is lagging behind. The aircraft were obviously old, so much so that few things worked as"
Do not use Expedia,"This isn't really a review of JetBlue because they were not at fault other than canceling my flight. However, they did so 5 months prior to my trip, so I should have had ample time to reschedule. The problem was Expedia failed to inform me or correct my itinerary. They"
Not the usual service,This was an early morning flight that left an hour late . The communication was ok but lacked frequent updates and suddenly we were boarding . The TV system did not work and Wi-Fi was inconsistent. The flight attendants were nice but not the usual service level . They passed the
Jet runway under repair; left 30 min late; still arrived 20 min early in Ft. Lauderdale,Trip was non stop; runway under repair. All planes diverted to same runways. We left airport 30 min late but arrived in Fort Lauderdale 20 min early.
JetBlue - Simply the Best!!!,"My wife and I always fly JetBlue and it is our preferred airline for a reason. Unlimited snacks and soft drinks, super friendly crew (ground and air) and THE MOST LEGROOM!!! I’m 6’1” and I have plenty of room. If we are going on a longer flight, I recommend “Even More Space”;"
Ehhhhh,Not a great flight overall. Seats were old TV only offered a preselected 2 movies which only 1 was for adults. They obviously use their older planes for this flight.
Pretty good,"The flight wasnt actually too bad. They live up to the ""most leg space"" which makes the flight more comfy. It was their more updated plane so all TVs work seats were nice smooth flight overall"
Love Jet blue,I fly jet blue as much as I possibly can and I always have a very good flight. The staff is very professional especially coming from New York and it was a very enjoyable flight
On time flight from JFK,"We took a flight from JFK to Orlando International airport. Check-in process was seamless and inflight experience was nice. Considering the amount we paid for the trip, flight experience was excellent"
Could be better,"They have good baggage and check in service, they were helpful in that aspect. But once you get to the gate they were all mean miserable and nasty. I was in Row one and the lady got mad because she offered me to go back to row 10 a “upgraded seat” but I had already paid for a"
They Nailed It!,"OMG! Leg room! Honestly, I have never, ever, been able to cross my legs in Economy... until now. They rule in everything from the ticketing/check-in/boarding process to the awesome entertainment amenities (Free TV/Movie/WiFi/Music). Above-grade drinks and snacks (gourmet"
JetBlue coming up clutch,"My flight through Frontier Airlines was cancelled the night before I was set to go on vacation in Orlando. I had to scramble to find a last minute flight, and JetBlue was all that was available to get there at a reasonable time still without being ridiculously overpriced. I had"
Exceeds expectations,"We thought this would be like many other budget airlines. We were surprised to find it was much better than other, even more expensive, airlines! We had more leg room, the staff was friendly, and the plane was very clean. We appreciate all the work JetBlue did to make our flight"
Two flights with JetBlue in our American tour,We flight from New York to Minneapolis with JetBlue and we had layover in Boston. My sister book my tickets wrong name but the guy in check in got me a new tickets. The first flight was an old plane and it's not so nice. On the second flight we had newer plane and that flight
Very comfortable and on time,This is a weekly direct flight from Boston to Grand Cayman. Great departure time and the flight was very smooth.
Loved!!,We flew JetBlue airlines for the first time from Oakland to Long Beach for a work/Disneyland trip. I highly recommend traveling into Long Beach. Super easy airport to navigate and Uber picked us up right in front to take us to Anaheim. There was so much legroom in economy I
My favorite airline!,"Short flight, good snacks with a choice of snack, friendly, free wi-if - what is not to like about JetBlue!"
"Personally, I had no difficulties. The personnel I encountered were respectful and accommodating.",I have flown with Jet Blue several times and to different countries. It's a pity that that one has to pay for the first piece of luggage.
never fly JetBlue,"I used this airline to fly to and from Florida to Portland, Maine and on the way there we had a flight canceled 30 minutes before boarding so we had to drive the 6 hours from nyc to Maine. On top of this, they gave us no options for an alternate option except for a flight that"
Will only fly jetblue,Best airline around . The staff is Amazing from takeoff to landing. The seats are comfortAble and the tv audio will do. No problems at all . We had to fly around for 45 Minutes due to weather but all was good didn’t mind At all. Can’t wait for my next flight
A great domestic airlines,"By far one of the most comfortable domestic airlines to fly. Free snacks and also available items to purchase. I will say having flown JetBlue for over the last 8 years I have noticed the slight decline in appearances of the In-Flight crews, needs a bit of attention in this area"
"Puerto Rico, here I come!","From the time I checked in at the airport the Jet Blue Staff was awesome. Everything went well, I'm also a Veteran and was permitted early courtesy boarding. I was always addressed as Sir and treated with respect. The Flight Staff was highly professional, the plane was clean and"
"Easy going, no drama.",Overall a professional and friendly crew. No issues and no drama. A smooth ride. Easy boarding. A quick flight to and from NY to FLA so I recommend a trip to FLA.
Customer Service is nonexistent,"By far the WORST travel experience I've ever had. I get being a cheap airline means I'm not going to get the same customer service I tend to get with Qantas, but seriously everyone I spoke to in Ft Lauderdale was rude and dismissive. I equate it to being as bad as Frontier, but"
"Was decent flght,","Were good flights, my wife had to use wheelchair service which was excellent, took her fron curb to plane , thru security, took good care of her, took her off the plane and to the hotel limo on way to SD and to our limo on way back, we wewre very pleased with this service."
Heading to Aruba,First time flying . It was fine. I have come to accept that flying is a way to get from point A to point B. The flight staff were very welcoming and did anything they could to help you be comfortable.
Jetblue refuses to seat customer,"In the process of visiting a sick family member, I misplaced my wallet. I arrived at PBI early and the prior flight was still boarding! The gate rep confirmed there were empty seats. I needed 75$ for rebooking fee. I had my phone app and cash, but no credit card. I was told 1-"
Love this airline,Drove 2 hours just to fly JetBlue (direct). Check in and boarding was fast and smooth. We were delayed and had to refuel in Mississippi because Msy was closed. That sucked but not their fault. They did give us snacks/drinks and a bonus for the inconvenience. I always fly
Smooth Sailing,Nice non-stop flight in a comfy aisle seat on an Airbus 321. My only complaint is getting whacked by one of the flight attendants every time she walked by. No one else did this. Maybe she didn't like me?
Great airline,"I have used JetBlue 3 times and they have Comfortable seats and legroom space, great entertainment system and customer service."
I ❤ Jet Blue!,"#1 Airline as far as I'm concerned! Very organized, helpful, friendly and roomy seats! Always enjoy the Dunkin Donuts coffee and the Terre Blue Chips!!!! Always get excited when I book a trip with Jet Blue! Look forward to next booking...love saying ALL SET TO JET!"
Perfect,Did have some trouble with the on-line check in and the kiosks at the airport...but smooth from check-in to landing in Cancun.
First and last time!!,"Arrived 3 minutes late in the gate due safety, the airplane door was open and the lady did not let me get in there. No one honor the check in, they did not accommodated me in another flight, and did not auxiliated me buying other ticket until the next connection. I lost all the"
Better than most,"I travel a lot for business; mainly long haul Asia and Middle East flights. However, I do very little domestic travel thus this was my first time flying JetBlue. I was very happy with the service. I appreciated the leg room. The flight was very bumpy. The flight crew was in"
jetBlue is the way to go!,"jetBlue is the best airline. the staff is so friendly and accommodating. the planes are very spacious, comfortable and clean. whenever i travel, jetBlue is always my airline of choice!"
"Nice Food and Staff, and Really cares for their cusotmers","I usually choose to go with either JetBlue or United Airline, because iBookAir usually gives the best deals on them. Their Food is good, always love the welcome Drink"
Pleasantly Surprised,"Check in was easy; the flight was delayed by about 20 minutes so we assumed we would be arriving in Orlando about 20 minutes late.... HOWEVER, our pilot put the engines in ""afterburner"" and we arrived 22 minutes early and about 5 minutes ahead of some severe thunderstorms! Well"
Flight to Punta Cana,"Jetblue is always A1 service. I only fly Jetblue. The best! Service is great, flight is smooth, spacious, great movie choices, clean and on time."
Flying High,"The flight was good. Not much turbulence, and if arrived on time. My husband and I sat in the Emergency exit. Therefore we did not have problems with a middle seat. The snacks were the usual faire., chips, cookies and soft beverages."
Comfortable seating,flight was very good and with very little turbulence. I was also very pleased with the various selection of movies.
Always a pleasure,"When I fly and I have the opportunity to fly JetBlue - they are definitely my first choice. The crew is informative and friendly. I recently flew from Boston Logan airport to San Francisco, economy class and had plenty of room. It also helped that I had an aisle seat with no"
Flying jetBlue is always a good idea,"I've never had a bad experience flying jetBlue. From check-in all the way through baggage claim (I usually check my bag) it's smooth sailing. The flight staff is courteous and friendly. The upgrade for Even More Speed is well worth it if you're flying from a busy airport. "
Love me some JetBlue,"Jetblue is always on time, seats are comfortable, flight staff is professional and courteous, plus there is FREE WIFI and each traveler have their own personal TV, can watch whatever you like."
Delayed and not able to sit with my colleague,Over-all just a poor experience. The flight was delayed 2 hours and when we were about to board my colleagues seat was moved around.
Roomy seats,Flew from Las Vegas to Boston. The economy seats were very comfortable and had plenty of leg room. The entertainment selection was very good with a wide variety of movies and television. The flight attendants were very friendly and professional.
BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. NO COMPENSATION NO COURTESY HORRIBLE CREW IN LGA,Was a fan of @JetBlue. Never again will I fly airline. delayed a 3 hour flight into 13hr flight. Reps attitude was horrendous with little information communicated. LGA crew just stayed there by kiosk were 0 help.
Jet Blue from Fort Lauderdale to Aruba,It was a quick and simple 3 hour flight. The flight was pleasant with no issues as we departed on time and arrived on time (a few minutes early). Staff was very pleasant and professional
JetBlue is great!,Great flights! Pilots and staff greeted us warmly as we arrived and departed. Friendly and helpful throughout the flights.
Flights were fine.,The flight and connecting flights were all on time and smooth. The only thing bad about JetBlue is the fee for your luggage.
Great flight choice,Jet blue is definitely the way to go convient and friendly staff very helpful at all times. Confortable seating and good leg room .. ✈
Big and Roomy Seats,I will always try to book JetBlue first. I will pay the extra for a direct flight. It is not much more and worth it. The seats are bigger than most airlines and they are very accommodating.
weekend in nashville,"It was very pleasant experience, check in went well. The flight departed on time from both locations. The staff on the flights were great and was pretty much a smooth ride, even with the few storms around. Nice that is was a direct flight as well."
Delay Delay Delay,"Flew out on June 3rd Boston to Medellin , returned June 18th the trip was in 4 parts with a layover at FLL, all four legs were delayed an hour or more, with FLL to BOS the worse, 3 hoursdealyed of which one hour was sitting waiting to take off excuse was bad weather in the area,"
Terrible,A flight that should have been 2 hours turned into a 12 hour ordeal with delay after delay and being shuffled from one gate to another. Communication was nonexistent except for the constant texting to my phone with additional delay times but always without any reasoning for the
TrueBlue account issue,A big shout out to the JetBlue team. Jeri on the chat line resolved my account issue in just a few short minutes. The level of service that your company provides keeps people coming back. Keep up the great work JetBlue!!!
Don’t do it. Cheap but poor service and will delay your flight,Don’t ever fly jet blue. They delayed my flight by twelve hours and made me pay for my own overnight hotel in Boston and on top of that didn’t give me a refund for my flight or my hotel. What kind of service is that? It’s not customer driven at all despite that being their
One of the Best . . . of a Bad Lot,My experiences on numerous JetBlue flights over the years including recent ones have always been pleasant. The seats are more comfortable in Economy; you don't need to pay for wider seats or more legroom. Generally they have a better record of on-time arrivals and departures.
Best Flight To Aruba,We fly to Aruba on JetBlue every year. We usually upgrade to an emergency row as the extra leg room is ice on a 5 hour flight. The attendants are always pleasant ad it's a happy flight with people going on vacation. Check in at Logan is ok and the return can be arduous but
Round trip JFK to Antigua,"We took round trip flights from JFK to Antigua. Both flights there were no issues, and everything went well. The seats were a little tight and I was bumping elbows with the person seated next to me (who I didn't know)."
BEST FLIGHT CREW!,Jet Blue is the best! We flew round trip from JFK to Turks and had the pleasure of having Mary Grace as the flight attendant both ways. The entire crew was friendly and accommodating and we arrived 40 mins EARLY!!! Jet Blue is our #1 choice for flying.
Great flight from JFK to Orlando!,"We had a connecting flight on Jet Blue on our return from Ireland. We were actually upgraded to an emergency row and had lots of leg room. The flight was smooth, the staff was friendly, and we were very comfortable. Would definitely fly JetBlue again."
Best in flight service,Our flights to and from where outstanding. The customer service at Fll was fantastic . The flight attendants on our way to Lima was phenomenal. Our flight back home was a red eye flight and I felt so pampered and the experience was OUTSTANDING. I have absolutely zero complaints
Flight to Cancun,"We had a smooth experience with this direct flight to Cancun, Mexico. Flying direct i would say is the most important criteria for airline travel these days."
Jet Blue to St Maarten,"This was my first flight on Jet Blue. It won't be my last. I had special assistance (wheelchair) as I was having difficulty walking distances due to a spinal problem. The attendants were superb - polite, helpful, concerned and considerate. Check in and boarding were very"
"Never, ever, ever...","So, I've not yet had my flight, however I already know I will NEVER fly JetBlue again. I'm a very seasoned traveler. I fly Delta, which is fabulous. So, JetBlue has the more idiotic policy I've ever encountered. If your flight time changes, they will send you a blanket email"
Great Airline!!,"My fiancé and I were coming back from celebrating my big birthday in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. The airline crew made our flight back to New York a very pleasant one. The seats were very comfortable, and that’s very important to us. I would recommend this airline to"
Flight delay,Well..2 hour delay. Never notified either by email or text. No wonder Alaska Airlines is THE best domestic airline. I had no choice but to fly Jet Blue...if possible never again. Agent at desk never even apologized.
Cheaper Flights,"I always find that Jetblue is one of those airlines that are reluctant to cancel or delay their flights. They seem to try much harder to make sure their passengers get to their destinations. They also always seem cheaper than other airlines, and go to most popular Caribbean"
An anomaly,This flight was delayed (overnight into the next day) as a result of weather in Orlando and the inbound aircraft being grounded. Very disappointing but not the normal experience we have had for this route. The delay text messages from JetBlue HQ came to our phones before the
Love Jetblue,"always a pleasure when I fly Jetblue. Everyone is professional and courtious. When leaving San Diego, we had a short delay and the team kept us informed and apologetic about the issue, which turned out to be Thunderstorms over mid west causing air traffic to delay flights."
Jet Blue Flights are a good choice!,"Pleasant flight that took about 3 1/2 hours. The best thing about Jet Blue is that they have considerably more room between seat rows. What a difference that makes. The baggage fees are a little higher than other airlines. I do wish that on a flight over 3 hours, you had a"
Inexpensive with some perks,"My husband and I flew this airline for our honeymoon and after flying other airlines, I was not thoroughly impressed. Although there was a substantial amount of leg room compared to other airlines, the seats were dirty and the in-flight experience was average. There is not much"
The Best in the Sky,I have flown this airlines many times and they have never disappointed. I love the in-flight entertainment at no cost and I have always found their service to be the best. If I have to fly somewhere and Jet Blue has a flight there I using Jet Blue.
Very Comfortable and Great FREE wifi,Very comfortable seating and wifi was great while we were over land. Very pleasant. Had to pay for checked bags which is a drag.
Pretty Uneventful,"Fairly standard flight, check in was a bit of a hassle and boarding could've been better but the flight was fine. Legroom wasn't great, entertainment was pretty good and staff were friendly. Getting off the plane was also a bit chaotic. Generally pretty average."
Terrible,"If I could rate this airline a 0, I could. My family and I will never fly JetBlue again! The flight itself was okay. The flight was kind of shaky. We finally got off the airplane and went to our carousel to get our bags. We got 2 of the 3 luggages. We waited at least 30 more"
Flight delayed and communication lacking,"Flight was delayed due to inbound having weather issues. I was ok with that, but the gate attendant kept announcing they had no details. When I surfed on Buffalo airport website, I was able to see statuses the gate attendant was not aware of. JetBlue needs to improve on"
Terrible Booking options,This review is on the booking process rather than the actual flight. I have always loved JetBlue but today my opinion changed. In February I booked a flight for my sister-in-law to fly from ATL to JFK and returning to ATL. Today I went onto the JetBlue website to try to get a
Space and service,I’m vertically challenged so Ryanair dimensions really don’t bother me but if you are not the space in JetBlue will suit you good service and an airline
Jetblue,"Not a good experience flying to Costa Rica on JetBlue, flight delayed by 3 hours, delayed in 30 minute increments, they failed to inform us of the reason for delay, then had to get a new plane, not good customer service"
good experience,Jet Blue is great- the check in process was very fast and the snacks are good. We had no delays at all. I wish they were a little more affordable but it;s worth it in the end.
Best Airline,"Jet blue is one of the best airlines. They don’t nickel & dime you. The price you pay includes carry on baggage, tv, music, free WiFi, drinks and snacks. They have extra leg room seats for a small fee. If you have their credit card you get half price alcoholic drinks and 1 feee"
Horrible Experience,Flight 602 from phoenix to boston was delayed a hr because of the boarding ramp malfunction. The very first thing was they didn't notify us until 20min after the boarding time schedule. Next they had this loud annoying alarm going off that was distracting and all the passengers
Great Airline - Fantastic Customer Service,"When American Airlines canceled our return flight after vacationing in Zion National Park, we were able to contact Jet Blue. Their customer service representative was super friendly and so helpful. We waiting on hold for about five minutes. We had to purchase extra leg room"
HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE!!! HORRIBLE,"WORST AIRLINE EVER! About a week ago I booked a flight from NY to Santo Domingo. 7 days later I checked online and noticed that prices have gone down from $277 to $197. Like any human being, I called costumer service to get the difference back, and was told that I could not get"
More legroom,"As advertised, there is more legroom on their flights. It was a pleasant change from the normal sardine can experience of most US airlines. They offer free wifi and tv viewing which is also a bonus. For a discount airline they have a lot to offer. My only complaint is that we"
Took Jetblue twice and delayed twice!,"Took Jetblue twice and delayed twice. Flight was delayed close to 6 hours the first time and second delay was about 2 hours. Credit was given for the 6 hours delayed flight via travel bank. However, as a tourist, I cannot use this credit as this credit is only valid for 365 days"
Terrible customer service,"We had serious problems at the time of embarkation due to bad service from Jetblue airport staff. They were rude, mean, unfriendly, arrogant. Before the plane took off we asked for a glass of water so my wife could take a medication necessary for her health and they denied us"
As expected,Seats were comfortable usually I have my knees jammed in the seat in front of me but had room even in the regular type of seat. Flight staff attentive.
More legroom,"The flight was delayed for about half an hour. No big deal but thats why I did not rate it 5. Boarding took alot of time. Too many people asking to be taken in wheelchairs. This has happened to me in other airlines.... the wise guys I have the authority to write about this "
JetBlue SUCKS!!!,"My husband and our family recently used JetBlue and there partner company Silver Airways to travel from Philadelphia to Abaco, Bahamas. The service was horrendous! Checking in is a total nightmare. The flights were all delayed and one of the girls in our group waited all day for"
JetBlue flight was top notch,"Friendly faces, very attentive people on board the plane and in the terminals ! Even with a bit of delay due to weather ( not the airline ). They kept us informed and treated us well. Will without question use JetBlue in the future."
Amazing customer service!,We were delayed internationally and missed our Jet Blue connection to get to our final destination. The international airline put us up in a hotel and rebooked us on Jet Blue the next day. Here's what impressed me--Jet Blue had nothing to do with the glitch we experienced but
Beware if you have chronic back pain,I was so delighted when I found out my seat could recline a whole two inches on a red eye flight. The technology is very outdated and we didn’t have in flight WiFi for most of the trip. Bathrooms were definitely not well kept and they woke everyone up to offer snacks at 3 in the
The best in-flight entertainment,"Jetblue offers the best in-flight entertainment when flying within the US. High speed internet connection (not just messaging apps), unlimited snacks and tons of live tv channels via satellite. You’ll never get bored. I don’t mind extending my flight time with them lol. They"
Best seats we’ve ever had.,This was by far the most comfortable flight we’ve ever been on. Seats and leg room were top notch. Layovers went smooth. The only reason we won’t fly JetBlue more often is that from Detroit they only fly to Boston which is their main hub then fly out elsewhere from there. So all
Jet Blue was Excellent.,"I always love this Airlines it is comfortable,the airline personnel is great, and all the times I have used this Airlines always on Time.There is no First Class or Business class at least the ones I have been on.thats what makes the Airline Great."
Only way to travel,Heading to a vacation spot on a Friday on a flight is never cheap but it was the best way to go since I found myself in NYC before the flight. Total flight time of 35 minutes sure beats hours in the car and 45 minutes on the ferry boat. JetBlue runs a good airline and they try
STILL MUCH PREFER JET BLUE TO AMERICAN AIRLINES,"First of all I had a 10.5 hour stopover in JFK having just arrived from Manchester in England, before my onward flight to Barbados. Jet Blue very kindly accepted my check-in suitcase 7 hours prior to flight departure time. I was on the overnight service, which arrives into"
Great US Airline!,"I was pleasantly surprised! Most US Airlines are not comfortable, but this Jet Blue flight was! The seats were comfortable and the attendants were friendly! What a great change of pace!"
Got to our destination ahead of schedule. She joked she took a short cut! Will never fly another.,We not only got to our destination early but the flight back was almost ten minutes early as well and in the rain when other flights were delayed due to storms in area. Take a bow!
JetBlue Perks Stand Out,"JetBlue always manages to stand out from the competition. While their older planes have low-quality monitors, the amenities really stand out. Unlimited amounts of snacks, from real chips and cookies, to Dunkin Coffee and all sorts of drinks. Their free in-flight WiFi, and Direct"
New Plane,This was a newer plane. Seats were comfy and the entertainment was very good. The in flight service could have been more frequent but all in all it was very good.
Jetblue our go to AIRLINE,"It was a very pleasant flight. The Pilot was awesome, flight staff was awesome. I have no complaints. My husband and i ONLY fly JetBlue and Delta."
Jet Blue - Easy to Deal With,"Jet Blue is much easier to deal with than most other airlines. It has a simpler fare structure and if you use their website directly, it is easy to find the best flight option. Their service is always superior onboard."
Leg room,My son is 6’5” and was very comfortable in their economy seating. Everyone was polite! We all had a tv and plenty of movie options. We were very pleased with JetBlue.
Jet Blue,The flight vary fast clean stacks were vary good drinks were pop water beer if you wanted to pay for .
JetBlue Experience,"Have used JetBlue in the past with no problem. We were worried about our layover but it went smoothly. Checked one bag on our way back and it made it home with no dents or scratches. More legroom than I expected, and they were accommodating to my father (who is wheelchair"
JetBlue,Love the inflight snacks and drinks. Didn't love that the items they have on inflight menu that are extra and you pay for ran out. Looking forward to a sub sandwich and by the time they got to our row there was no more. What? You would have thought they would plan that
first stop on vacation week,"on time, great flight we did opt for mid cabin, so we had a bit more elbow room. flight attendant had an awesome personality and had a great motivational line before everyone disembarked...choose to be nice today"
Always a good experience,boarding and take off on time. Pleasant flight. I love to travel with this airlines. I know people who have traveled with other airlines and there is always a problem with something
Wedding,Flight was on time. Reached our destination safe thank God. Nothing much to say other than purchase your own headphone. So overpriced
Only direct flight to Seattle plus excellent flight = happiness,"The attendants were super nice. This JetBlue flight offers free drinks and snacks, but I did buy a ham and cheese croissant. It was a large croissant and OMG was it good! The flight was just excellent! We did buy the extra room seats and it was worth it."
Very Nice Flight,Even though this was a red eye flight it was a very good flight. The plane was very nice. A little more room then some. Pretty comfortable. Very pleased with everything about Jet Blue. Will definitely use Jet Blue in the future.
Very nice flight,This was the first time I flew JetBlue and was very satisfied. I was able to select my seat without additional cost I could bring a regular sized carry on at no charge. I was disappointed in how the plane was boarded. If you were traveling with someone and you both in the
The only direct flight from New York to New Mexico says it all.,If you hate switching planes and want to arrive in a few hours this is it. Jetblue extra wide seats are worth the $$. Free snacks and movie is such a plus today. Friendly staff. The only down is return flight is overnight so be prepared to sleep. I only go to New Mexico on this
JetBlue is our go to airline! We love it as a family!,"The new jetblue planes have more room, are clean, and the TVs are much a bigger. JetBlue's service all around is wonderful and easy to board even with three small children!"
"No frills airlines, fair prices, hated the extras charges, but did appreciate the timely arrival.",Very nice crews quick boarding. No much of a service during the flight but you can buy food. Best if you bring your own onboard. The return flight was a red eye....i wish there were more flights between Ecuador and the US so there will be choices and hopefully batter service.
Bad and rude flight attendants from NYC,Really rude and bad service from a female flight attendant on flight #2402 June 13th 2019. Delayed flight that supposed to leave at 2:58 pm. Flight left after 4 pm.
Don't fly Jet Blue,"Was there 30 min before flight, was late because of the train, wouldn't let me board my flight. No one one would help me. Every one was rude. Customer service was just awful. The flight didn't even leave on time. The lady wasted a whole 30 min telling me I couldn't board my"
Love JetBlue!,I love flying JetBlue out of Logan airport. The customer service is outstanding. The boarding process is well organized. The seats are comfortable and the new planes they are adding to their fleet have on-demand entertainment.
Will never use Jet Blue ever again.,"After jet blue lost an incredibly valuable bag of mine, they only offered $56 as a reimbursement. And the entire process was, and still IS (7 MONTHS+ LATER) entirely unsatisfactory. I've been transferred from ""specialist"" to ""specialist"", been told to send the same form multiple"
Jet Blue closes Check in early,"Jet Blue doesn’t warn you about this when you buy your worthless ticket, but they close check in significantly earlier than any other airline and then everyone is super rude and mean if you don’t happen to know that. We got stuck in a broken air train within JFK airport but"
Nice trip from Philly to Ft.Lauderdale,"First time flying them, and I will definitely fly them again. Loved the extra leg room, and the map on the seat in front of me showing where we are."
amazingly efficient and affordable,"The aircraft was boarded promptly and took off on time, the plane was clean, the crew knew their business, it was all very professional. I have been taking JetBlue more often for business trips because its less expensive, but the quality of work is very high."
Still a good flight,"I am flying frequently, and over all I am OK. Yes I have seen also, that the Planes are more crowded lately, and yes, when the Plane is full the Flight gets stress full. By the way, who is checking the carry on luggage. What some People still consider as carry on - The Flight"
JetBlue hates cancer patients,"I wanted to cut my trip to Puerto Rico short because I found out (while on my trip) that my grandmother has uterine cancer and needs emergency surgery. Myself and my family members are her primary caregivers, so it’s very important that we’re by her side for this procedure. I"
Delays delays delays,It's one thing to have a three hour layover from connecting flights....it's another when you have to wait an additional 3 hours to get on board...what started as an arrival in Chicago at 7pm....will turn into midnight...all because of some policy of having two flight attendants
Too booked to have a comfortable flight lately,"As of late in general some flights have been so over booked on Jetblue that I have come to expect an announcement before boarding offering to check carry ons for free in at the bottom of the plane because of limited storage space overhead due to a ""fully booked"" flight. This"
Jetblue is Great but the Aiport in Sto Dgo Doea Not,"The airline is great. I love Jetblue. Great service. But the airport has limited access. There’s are delays and long lines due to this. Even the lines for Immigration once I arrived were so long, it took me two hours to leave customs. So JetBlue is great but if they could"
Delays and more delays,Apparently jet blue is scared of flying in sunny skies. Perhaps the pilots need sunglasses. Both flights I was on were delayed and the weather outside was perfect. First I was going from rdu to JFK and that was delayed then my return from JFK to bos was delayed. Maybe JetBlue
Lack of Management,"I purchased a return ticket from Pakistan to Washington. Route of return was given as follows: 1. Washington(Dulles) to New Yark : 23 January 2019 via Jet blue Airways B6 1208 , Airline Reservation Code YYDXTG 2. New Yark to Jeddah 23 January : 23 January 2019 via"
Go Bruins!,OK. It really was a normal flight. The exception was that we got to board JetBlue's Bruins logoed plane. Made more exciting with their 2019 Stanley Cup run. Slight delay in departure made up during flight so LA
Jetblue Nightmare,"Worst service & staff members.They are rude, unproffesional & disrespectful. No sensibility, empathy or consideration with customers that need help. Don't offer suggestions to solve problems or make the experience less stressful. Making the customers life into a nightmare by"
baggage claim services at Boston,"My partner and I ""checked"" in 1 carry on each at MSP. We went to the carousel in Boston to pick up our 2 ""carryones"" . They never came to that carousel. Eventually I was called on my cell by Jet Blues baggage claim stating we had not picked up luggage. The morbidly obese Jet"
Good flight,"On time, seating in terminal available, full flight, paid for extra legroom at $40 it's a good value. Arrived early, baggage out quickly overall good flight"
No problem whatsoever,"Surprisingly roomy seats , overall great service, no issues or delays smooth sailing the entire way arrived early both ways Tsa on the other hand is absolutely horrible the attitude and unfriendliness is appalling"
"cancellation, last minute","I set up a jetblue flight/with hotel in april for june. Showed up in June, and they had cancelled my flight. Apparently sent me an email that went into spam, no other notice. Scrambled for a flight on the spot with another airline. WILL never fly this airline."
What great airline,Very enjoyable flight friendly crew everything on time would recommend this airline to anyone great experience
Worst Travel Experience- opt JetBlue if you want a delayed travel with lots of loss,"Because of JetBlue's issue I have to waste literally two days... no proper intimation..always experienced delays and missing the connected flights... Apart from wasting two days..I got no compensation, had to stay overnight sitting like a fool, literally pissed off with this"
Nice,slight delay but friendly staff. on board staff was excellent and helpful. overhead bins were full but flight attendant found a place for my small bag. comfortable but a little cramped seating but that is on all airlines today
Intentionally split passenger seating?,"Jet Blue economy does provide more legroom than the new ""economy"" of United or American, so I give them credit for that - but why the manipulative seating policy? Our check-in reminder e-mail had me and my traveling companion with ajoining seats, but upon check-in at the"
I love flying JetBlue!,"I love flying JetBlue. They are reliable, accommodating, and still give you enough room for your knees! My finance is tall, and this is one of the only airlines we do not need to buy a seat with extra space. Reliability and comfort-ability are our top things we need in an"
Seatbelt rule,Shortly after takeoff I watched at least 6 people and could be more because I could only see the front bathroom by behind pilots get out of their seats while seatbelt sign was on. The flight attendant ignored them. There is still a rule about waiting till light goees off. They
All the free Pop chips and Terra Chips one could want,"JetBlue is great for an inexpensive flight with some of the nicer perks of other high end airlines (tvs and free unlimited snacks - you can grab multiple items, don't be shy!). They don't have the newest planes but are just as comfortable. This particular flight wasn't a great"
Surprisingly good,"Flying from Newark to Tampa on JetBlue with no status, so was expecting a Ryanair like experience, but pleasantly surprised. Super efficient and organised boarding, no issues with carry on, plenty of leg room even in row 21. Would definitely use again."
Separated 85 year old couple on flight,"These value airlines are stooping to an entirely new low. During a return flight from FLL to SAN, the airline knowingly and deliberately separated my parents of 85 years, eldest being 88. My father even tried explaining he needed to stay together for communication and medical"
Best Kind of Flights - Uneventful,"Checking in online, and at the airport (on the return flight), was simple and easy. Boarding was on time and orderly. The Captain addressed the passengers, and the flight attendants were attentive, as well as nice/friendly when giving directions. They chose a cruising altitude"
Mr,"Jetblue is the worst!!!! My wife tried to warn me against flying with them but of course I didn’t listen. We had delays going and coming. It almost ruined our first day of vacation, which cost us one day at the resort!! I implore you if you want to enjoy your trip worry free, do"
Ruined the end of our honeymoon,"JetBlue has totally let us down. Leaving our honeymoon, our flight was supposed to leave at 1025 then we got an email that said our flight was delayed by an hour. Then another email delayed another hour, then a third email delayed another hour. Finally, we got an email that"
A really smooth flight,"This was probably my best flight on JetBlue, although all my flights have been good. Pulled back on time. There was some traffic ahead of us, The Capt. gave us our cruising altitude and speed. Take off was fine. Once we reached altitude and speed we never deviated. A little chop"
Non-stop travel,"Flying non-stop from Boston to Pittsburgh is a great way to fly. No chance of delays or cancellations mid-flight, which is a major plus. The flight was full, going and returning, yet the boarding process seemed to go smoothly. The snacks on all airlines are getting skimpier but"
Fort Lauderdale to Havana,Great short and inexpensive flight. Took a little over an hour. Upgraded to extra room seats due to Mosaic status of a travel companion. Nice short flight to another world.
Love to fly jet blue New York .,"Enjoyed jet blue as always for many times I used this airline ,a comfortable airline plus a screen to watch movies which makes the flight enjoyable and time goes fast while watching the movie ,truly love to fly jet blue."
Crew was great!,"Everything went great! The first plane was brand new, and then every plane after that is what we call a Shady 80s plane. Even though the other planes were a bit older, it was the comfort that mattered. Plenty of room and great crews"
Honey they shrunk the legroom!,"Three more rows of seats on the A-320 means a little less leg room than before. Still a good product, but heading down that legacy road towards less space and less service. IFE is still good, and the free snacks are decent. But look out: Pepsi will be replacing Coke products"
Got us there and back all in one piece!,"Can't ask for more than a safe and comfortable flight. The movies worked, so we were kept entertained, earphones worked, air and lights all worked. The flight attendants were pleasant and courteous. Overall, no issues and I repeat, we got to our destination and back again"
Flight to Dominican Republic,Flew from Logan Airport in Boston to Punta Cana Dominican Republic for a relaxing vacation at Excellence El Carmen. We departed on time and after a great flight landed in Dominican Republic 3 hours and 40 minutes later. This was the second time we flew on JetBlue and must say
JetBlue errs and you pay the price,"They held our flight in limbo despite repeated pre-flight mechanical failures, which meant our tickets would not be refunded. So, we couldn’t risk booking another flight or making alternative arrangements. They got us into the air around midnight and then turned around for the"
used to be good but It turned to be Unorganized,"We used to love this Airline but NOT Anymore! One significant problem was in their assignment of Group Seats. We have 6 people on board with us but they assigned us to different group seat. When my Group C was being called, we are ready to go into the airplane. The ticket"
A flight well worth paying for,"I basically built my own itinerary for our trip to Punta Cana. While other airlines offered several round trip options, I found that building my own itinerary offered the most flexibility. I used three different airlines because I wanted to maximize my time on vacation. We"
"Mint Flight ",Mint Flight is at the top of the food chain when it comes to Class - - 1st Class that is this should be offered on all Jetblue flights this Vegas flight was beyond my expectations flight attendants were spot on drinks kept flowing the phrase of the day was Can I Get You
My favorite airline,"Jet Blue is usually on time and seats have decent leg room. Their free snacks are good and they offer free non-alcoholic beverages. Their entertainment system is good with small screens on the back of each seat. However, this is the third time that the sound on the system was"
most always a great flight,"We always 85 % of the time fly jet blue. The staff is always very nice, and the plane for the most part always seems clean. We always get the extra room seats, or now fly mint! Mint is amazing!!! Such a nice flight for long trips. Our recent flight to Orlando I only give 3"
HORRIFIC!,"Unfortunately I will never spend my money with jet blue again after the fiasco I experienced on June 1st, flight 882 from st Lucia to jfk. My initial flight was scheduled to depart at 2:01 pm, but we did not board the plane until after 4:30 pm. Not only was my flight delayed"
Jet blue is over-rated.,Seats not together then you have right to be concerned that Jet blue staff will correct. They push to sell seat upgrades...remember? Thet thonk that we will excuse them for a late departure if they arrive a bit early. They failed to recognize that their arrival gate was
The best airline,"JetBlue is always my preference for flying. The best airline there is if you ask me. The staff is always friendly and helpful, the attendants on our flight to DR were extremely helpful with packing the overhead bins and getting every settled. The flight is always smooth and we"
Consisten service at a low cost,As usual Jetblue delivered a fine flight. We were delayed multiple times but these were gate changes imposed by the airport not the airline. They gate checked my bag free as usual.
Very Comfortable Flight,My flight was very comfortable and the leg room was sufficient. The flight attendants were warm and the pilot did an excellent job.
Doesn't dissapoint,Jet Blue....on time / great service / free movies / snacks / attentive flight staff....flying with Jet blue since 2000....keep up the great work & we will continue to fly & recommend you as well!
Seat assignments,My spouse and I booked with Jetblue. We purchased our tickets in advance and opted to pay $30 for a checked bag. When we printed our boarding passes 24 hrs in advance we noticed that they didn't put us together. One was in the middle and one was in back. We had to pay an
"Flight Was Excellent, TV didn't Work Either Way","The timing of both legs of the round trip was great. We left Boston about 5 minutes early and arrived in Houston about 15 minutes early. On the way home, we left on time and arrived 20 minutes early. Two things prevented me from giving an excellent rating. We upgraded to"
"Once you get going, JetBlue is the best","The layover in Fort Lauderdale is something to avoid at all costs. Of all the airports I have been in, it is the most disorganized and rundown bar none."
Best airline for economy travel,"No issues, on time flights, leg room in economy, in flight TV, movies, music, full sodas, large selection of big snacks, and the list goes on. Why would you fly any other airline? Completely satisfied. Will definitely fly again!"
Very good,"I had a flight by JetBlue airways from Port-au-Prince to New-York in February 2019. Would like to say, that JetBlue provide very good service on of the aircraft, which includes cold and hot beverages and tasty snacks. The attitude of the flight attendance to the passengers is"
If Jet Blue flies there we will always use them,Best pricing. Customer service is excellent. We fly with our 2 dogs. Never have any issues with the flights.
Flight with Rescue Animals/Allergies,"My husband and I have always flown on JetBlue to Aruba from Boston Logan Airport. We pick JetBlue because its a non stop flight, which is very rare with other airlines. We purchase the extra leg room due to a medical condition I have. On our return flight home we had three"
The best airline,Jet blue has never disappointed! Always clean comfortable ride with every amenity you could as for in the sky! Whenever I can afford it I use them!
Love flying JetBlue,"Great flight, I paid $35 and upgraded my seat to an even more seat...so worth every penny! And bonus, the middle seat ended up being open! The flight attendants are always extremely friendly and willing to get you anything you need. I prefer to always fly this airline. "
Three very nice flights,"JetBlue is a great airline. Friendly and competent crew, flights were on time, and all seven of us were more than satisfied with our experience with JetBlue."
Had a bad experience with a flight attendant,I was flying to Tx with my husband in May 2019. I was sitting in row 18 and 19. My hand rail was up so a customer behind told the flight attendant that the rail was broken. So the flight attendant Try to fix the had rear but was unable to. So she put it down when she did I tried
JetBlue,"First time flying with JetBlue, on the flight from D.C. (3 1/2 hours) with a layover in San Juan, Puerto Rico- the plane was an older plane. The crew was great and the flight however the electronics did not work well. On the connection to Punta Cana from San Juan, it was only a"
10 hour delay!!,6:30 AM taxied and waited an hour while checking out plane. then took plane back and told to deplane. told we would take off at 8 AM. then that plane needed a part that was flying in from Boston delayed till 11 am then told a part coming from NY delayed till 1PM then it would
Inexpensive Way to go to NYC,"Always fly from Southwest Florida to NYC on JetBlue for the price, efficiency and great staff! Also points do not expire and the JetBlue M/C is excellent. No exchange fees when traveling abroad."
Been flying JetBlue since 2000,"I have traveled with JetBlue many times since heir inception and they have never disappointed me. Consistently high level of customer service, from ground staff to cabin personnel."
Terrible Experience,I have been flying for 30 plus years at this point in my life on many different airlines. I travel extensively for business and pleasure. I can honestly say that this airline is the worst in comfort and customer service that I have ever encountered. The seats are very narrow and
Montego Bay Bound,"I was very impressed with JetBlue on my recent trip to Jamaica. I had flew them before but not out of the continental USA. They were fantastic, on time leaving and arriving, and in between a very smooth flight. The comfort level is something to mention along with the onboard"
Always the Best,"JetBlue always has the best customer service, clean planes & interesting tail fins. JetBlue is my first choice to fly anywhere they offer flights to."
I had leg room!,"I generally dread flying, especially alone, but this trip was so comfortable (well, as comfortable as airplanes can be, right? ) and problem-free that I would hesitate to fly another airline. Seriously, good job JetBlue!"
It Gets You There,"I've traveled on JB since it started operating 20 years ago. For many years it was considered a low cost airline. However in recent years, anything that resembles more comfort will cost extra. Once all is added, it can be more money than a ticket on any other airline. I always"
Tv wasn’t working.,"I flew with JetBlue many times, and aircraft is getting very old. Lot of times tv is out of order. I’m going to try to book with delta now on."
Pleasant flight,Flight was great but was delayed twice. Snacks and drinks were served three times during the five hour flight. Having a personal tv helps pass the time.
Emirates no longer what they used to be,"I've flown various times with Emirates in the past and always rated them as one of the better carriers but after my recent experience with them, I am no longer a fan. It started with a very clunky website which made it very difficult to enter my family's personal details. We"
Great space and comfort in JetBlue airlines,Top class airline. Service was excellent. Space was best in class and a model for all other airlines. Staff very friendly.
excellent service,excelent very profecinal flight attendace were very pleasant and smily. They speak very professional
Really a good experience,When we can fly JetBlue we do. Even though going to Boston is not pleasant it is worth it for the price and service we get with this airline. Boarding was easy. The plain was clean and recently upgraded with nicer seats and better entertainment system.
consistent!,i’ve been flying jetblue since the beginning and they have proven consistent in the excellent level of both quality and service. ALSO and perhaps most important for me as a mom now - the tray tables (either open or closed) are flush. meaning i can use the ‘CARES’ harness from
MINT is mint!,"We discovered MINT a few years ago on JetBlue flights that are longer than 4hrs. It's a win win. Not only are the seats comfortable, the food they serve is delish and healthy. The crew amazing and authentic. We have flown MINT at least 3 trips now since JB began offereing it"
Perfect flight experience,Everything from boarding and disembarking was perfect. The flight crew was courteous and considerate. Seats were comfortable.
Microphone and Map,Ten years of flying JetBlue and my husband and I heard nothing being said by the pilot or the flight attendant on both flights to and from Aruba. We love the idea of the map. . . but it did not track where we were on either flight. Maybe after JetBlue updates their
New plane!,"We flew on one of their new planes on one of our legs to St. Thomas. It was nice. The seats were comfy and spacious, and the Tv's were digital and touch screen. No complaints."
No problems great Customer Service,Wife and I have disabilities and Jet Blue provided Wheel Chairs from the sidewalk to the plane both on and off round trip. Best Customer Service.
Frustrating Delay...wonderful company,Some frustrating delays which were out of JetBlue's control meant that we arrived in Orlando six ours after our scheduled time. The delay meant that we would have to push back our return trip. Jennifer at JetBlue Customer Service went above and beyond to help me make alterations
Disappointing Trip,"I did not have a positive experience traveling with JetBlue. The flight itself wasn't too bad, but the way the Stewards carried themselves did not seem very professional. It also took over an hour to claim the baggage, while the flight was barely two hours. This was unacceptable."
Weather delays? YGTBK!,"What was supposed to be a quick two hour flight from Charlotte to JFK this evening has turned into an inexcusable ordeal. JB knew at 2:00 pm that a plane from Tampa to JFK was going to be delayed because of the weather. The same plane is now stuck taxiing at JFK, with me waiting"
JetBlue,Clean relatively comfortable in economy. Nice having entertainment in every seat. Good selection of movies for both adults and children. Flight attendants were professional at all times. I would highly recommend JetBlue.
Horrible Website,I book a lot of flights but have not used JetBlue in a while. I went on to book a flight for my husband and the website kicked me off 3x..... I did not even put my computer down. Finally I just speed through the process to get the ticket! I hope I do not need to book another
Smooth flight,"I always try and fly JetBlue when I travel and sure enough they did not disappoint me. Plane was a little delayed but we took off 5 minutes late and arrived almost on time, plane was clean and the crew were extremely polite and helpful."
the worst airline ever,"this airline has cancelled and my flight 3 out of the last 3 times I've traveled , they're customer service is horrible , and everyone knows that they are bumping people off they're flights to shuttle they're employees on they're customer's time and money. I will NEVER use them"
"Garbage, like Spirit","Avoid if possible. Needed to adjust 24 hours, literally more expensive to change their ticket than to simply purchase a new ticket on another airline. Thank goodness it wasn't the first leg so I didn't have to decide between paying extra and not getting to keep just the half of"
Very good to fly with,Great flight. Although did miss having a blanket or pillow. Didn’t like it that you have to buy a headset to watch media. Snacks were ok. Plenty of leg room. Problems with help getting our luggage checked in and getting boarding passes but after we were sorted it went fine.
Always ontime!,"Not delays at all, good service. The only thing its you have to pay for bags and food eventhough its an international flight of 6 hours."
Unreliable,Both my flight and my daughter flight next day were delayed for 3 hours in FLL. 1. Pending a flight from Bahamas. JetBlue will hold a flight for 3 hours in gate. If you have an event to go to DON’T count on JetBlue to get you there on time.
On time and on the money,"JetBlue is my preferred airline. I like their ease of purchasing a ticket on line, using FF or banked points, selecting extra space option (for extra $$) and frequency of departure/arrival time to the cities to which I fly. Also, their in-flight entertainment is great! If I"
This is the way airline flights should be.,"My recent flight from West Palm Beach to Boston was operated the way an airline SHOULD operate a flight. Even though the flight was scheduled to depart at 6am the airport staff and crew were ready - we departed 5 minutes early. The boarding process was efficient, the flight"
JetBlue Mint Suite,Overall I had a great first time experience with JetBlue. I was able to find an excellent price for a JetBlue Mint Suite. I definitely recommend the product and be sure to book early so you can secure one the the 4 Mint Suites. First let me mention some of the negatives of the
First time. Would do it again,A pretty basic airline with IFE on most routes which does make a difference in how long a flight feels. Offered some complimentary crackers and snacks and a beverage. Bring your own earbuds. The wifi did not work at all on the 2 hour flight- said was not in coverage area. That
Jetblue flight,"Great airline, safe and reliable flight. Not badly priced (bought it during a sale) and included a carry on. Great customer service, clean flight and friendly staff."
Used to be my favorite airline,"May 30, 2019. Flt 1944. A few hours weather delay(not your fault), then a few hours mechanical, then changed gate, then changed plane, then when we arrive 8 hours late at 4 am you have no gates available to bring the plane in? Another 45-60 min delay. Then the luggage"
Decent,"It was decent. I didn't get it excellent because as luck would have it we were on an airbus without outlets and I needed a plug so bad for work. Also, my partners TV didn't work. The flight itself was okay though, and the seats were a little more roomy than I have had in"
Rude Rachael,"Flight Attendant Rachael on a flight 761, 5/30/19 was rude, condescending, was bothered by providing service, she should not be in customer service. Bad attitude . Flt was 3.5 hours late"
Great Flight,Great comfortable on time flight. Flight staff was courteous and friendly. Would definitely recommend this flight to Nassau Bahamas.
Extra legroom,"The extra legroom is wonderful!! I fly to OC several times a year and always take this flight. The crew are amazing, friendly, smiling and cheerful"
Consistent Flying Experience,"I love Jetblue. Big comfy seats, TV and movies, and WIFI! They are always on time and always give me a consistent flying experience. Quick 4-hour flight and you're in paradise."
Normal,For the price and one hour and 20 minutes perfect.... Easy and fast check in ..boarding pass and on time. Flight departure.....my screen was broken so thanks I had my tablet...pla verify all the screen...
Good experience,"Me and family flew from coast to coast. Our entire experience was very good. The check-in was smooth, boarding was quick and everything was on time. The plane was clean and, our seats and leg space were goody good for the 6-hour flight. The seat-back entertainment options were"
At Last,"Jet Blue flight 1586, May 21st, 2019 I used to love flying, getting to your ultimate destination whether It’s a tropical island or a cosmopolitan mecca, was half the fun. I marveled at flying since I was a child and thrilled at the opportunity for a good part of my adult life."
"On-time Departure/Arrivals, Entertainment System didn't work","Boarding process was great, they announced free check-in for large carry-on to make boarding process easier, The flight was on schedule, fortunately no turbulence traveling cross country. Our seat entertainment system did not work (it worked for others, just got unlucky I"
Always on time! Easy access,"We had seat assignment, and must smoother boarding and seating. My pet peeve, carry-ons! They take up too much foot space and hold up boarding and departing"
Terrible ground service and uncomfortable seats!,I flew from Buffalo to Boston and then Boston to Savannah today and in both cities (Buffalo and Boston) there was no one around to let people know about a gate change (in Buffalo( and boarding announcement (in Boston). My ticket had one gate on it and for some reason I did not
Great airline,I have traveled with JetBlue many times and I have always had a pleasant experience. Flight attendants are very friendly and helpful. Round-trip flights were on time and no delays. Would definitely fly again with JetBlue.
Denver to Boston Redeye,"I frequent this red-eye a few times a year. Although this JetBlue flight doesn't always take off on time; they get you into Boston early. We encountered a little turbulence, but the pilot kept us well informed as to how long it would last. His landing was so smooth, I had to"
Terrible flight attendant,Cheryl (out of New Jersey) on the flight from Charleston to DCA #144 on 05/25 at 6:00 am was the most rude flight attendant we have ever had. We fly a lot but never had used Jet Blue. The airplane was nice and I loved the TVs and the leg room BUT Cheryl was a disaster and made
Making flying enjoyable again...,"I just want to say that after many years of flying, JetBlue is now my favorite airline. Reasonable fairs, outstanding customer service, comfortable seats for a big guy, free tv in each seat, unlimited snacks and bevvys, and on time or early. Regarding the customer service- every"
Short Trip,Really the only airline that flies direct from Orlando to Nassau Bahamas. The plane was a little dirty and the flight attendants were cordial just not overly helpful
Roundtrip Fort Lauderdale to Albany,Fort Lauderdale airport is a mess with construction ongoing. JetBlue personnel at the check in area were courteous and helpful. Not sure why when I entered my TSA number I did not get the PreTSA security access I had paid for. Sat in the very comfortable extra room seats which
free wifi onboard,"posting this while onboard a flight from new york to san diego flight 189. wifi onboard has gone a long way since it was introduced more than a decade ago. it’s now faster, more reliable, unlimited and free. was able to upload a photo and a video while up in the air at 31,000"
Good Flight,This was the second time I used this airline and was very pleased. Everything was very nice. The staff were helpful and friendly. Flight was on time with no problems. Certainly would use them again.
Very terrible experience,"I am stranded at Boston Logan for over five hours because jetblue has no pilot in the mean time I miss my connection to Barbados where I was connecting to Dominica to bury my father who recently died, can anyone help me, or dose jetblue really care about customer service"
JetBlue is an airline in decline,"Ever since their merger fell thru with Virgin Atlantic they have seemed to be unfocused. The crew are great but not as eager as they once were, understandably. But the degradation of the amenities and the aircraft interiors themselves is shocking. The TVs work sporadically,"
MINT all the time!,Traveled to Aruba this past week and flew JetBlue Mint both legs! This is the ONLY way to travel! Seriously the best service i have experienced!
Truly A Great Airline to Fly,Roomy seats and I love the staff on every JetBlue flight I have flown and that's been two this month. The give many extras and are always happy and fun.
None,"I have flown this airline a few times now and have repeated delays for “mechanical issues”. Last two were flights that were a couple days apart and cost me a very important business meeting. VERY unreliable, I would never recommend this airline."
Worst Service ever,"My flight should depart at 9:13 pm on 05/27/2019. But it was delayed for 1:30 minutes. I missed my cousin in Jacksonville. And it was landed at 2:00 in Jacksonville, My brother slept and at that time no one is there to pick me up. and I spent 50$ to goto my home in Jacksonville."
Bait & Switch Airlines,"I will never travel JetBlue again. Had originally booked for a flight to Aruba. I was transferred to a terrible sister airline. I reviewed that airline in another note. JetBlue offered a service and after I paid for extra accommodations I was switch to an inferior services. "
Terrible experience,I was flying to Hollywood for my best friends wedding and as usual I arrived at JFK 2 hours before my flight. Had to check a large suitcase with my dresses for the weekend. Got to the gate with plenty of time and being in the even more seats I got on line when they called my
Weather delay led to exposure of massive holes in jetBlue service/procedures -- 13-hour delay,"Flew from Boston to O'Hare. While in air in Indiana, we had to go into holding pattern as we were informed we couldn't fly into ORD due to weather. After a little more than an hour, we were informed our fuel level was low and we needed to ground in DET. After doing this, the"
I love to travel in Jetblue,"Because of the nature of my work I have to fly frequently, and I need to depend on a good airline, this time, as usual; I enjoyed the fly, the service in cabin and the excellent attitude of the fly attended."
Great Flight.,"We had a smooth comphy flight to San Juan, PR. The flight attendants were very friendly and he pilot got us there in earlier than expected."
"Worst airline ever, don’t even think about this flight as options.",Basically and always delayed. I waited 12 hours at th airport and 2 more hours in plane. Worst trip ever. Don’t take this airline ever and ever.
Normally love Jetblue but service is slipping,This Boson-based crew that worked with us on our flight to DC didn’t seem as friendly as I have previously experienced from JetBlue normally my favorite airline. The head flight attended really seemed disconnected and downright unfriendly. It was like they couldn’t be bothered.
Excellent customer service!,"Crew was very helpful and nice. We were running behind and they helped us go through the security line faster and re-assigning seats so at least I was able to sit together with the kids. They literally walked with us in the plane and helped us get seats together, unlike other"
mehhhhhhh,"mehhhhh.... I purchased a round trip ticket from Long Beach to Las Vegas. I purchased ""more room"". Still 3 seats across. Seemed like Jetblue used to be so nice with TV screens, etc, but now seems average. I had to cancel my return flight to come home early. It cost"
"Clean , tv on board","Clean , friendly crew , the best part more leg room and free tv behind each seat and watch what show one like"
lost in the keys,I landed in Ft Lauderdale and my luggage did not. I was told it was not scanned and could not be located anywhere. I left the airport in distress as I did not bring a carryon. I spent the first day of my vacation shopping for essentials hoping my bag would be found. It was
Hours and hours of delays,Were were delayed for over 6 hours in Costa Rica which apparently had become normal for jet blue. Because of this delay we missed our connection in new York which had a domino effect on all of our other flights and were ended up spending an extra entire day in sports and divert
JetBlue is the best,I love JetBlue. The seats are comfortable and spacious. They are plus size friendly. The staff were friendly. I will always fly JetBlue. Our pilot was excellent. He got us to our destination early and safe.
Always,We go to Jacksonville to visit family and always have a great experience with JetBlue. The staff are always very nice.
Mint Class travel is the best!,My first time with JetBlue. And flew Mint Class. Undeniably the best in service in comparison with Delta or American business or first class flights. The flight attendants and their service was outstanding. Comforts me seats and foot TV. JetBlue will now become preferred airline
Good flight is considered a great flight,The important part of flying is on time departure and on time arrival. The crew were on the best and food service was adequate. Uneventful no disturbances during the flight
Great flight,Easy time that all staff made enjoyable. Nice plane with amenities that aren't found on other airlines. I will fly JetBlue every chance I get.
One-way Lax to JFK,"Push back from gate was on time with no wait after taxi to runway. Smooth flight except for DirectTv service kept going out, WiFi service was fine the whole trip. Holding p pattern in NY area due to bad weather, land approximately 35 minutes. Still can’t beat the service,"
Reliable service,We have used this airline for many years now for internal and international flights. We usually pay for extra leg room. No real complaints as crew are always very helpful and informative.
I feel Jetblue offers the best flights out there! They give free wifi and TV,"Best airline around in my opinion ! Free wifi and TV more snacks should be offered on a 4 hour flight though. The attendants are nice , friendly and accomplished We will travel with JetBlue again. We go every year to Caribbean ."
A+ this trip,We typically fly the airline that has the best times and price. This year we booked Jet Blue Travel...which is a package that includes flight and hotel. It all went off as scheduled...Flight from Boston connecting through JFK to Cancun was on time. Staff was pleasant and
They make you feel like family,"I tried the new mint service and it is the best First class service in the industry as far as I have experienced. Great service, great food, plenty of room and big screen entertainment. Every employee with JetBlue take customer service seriously."
The only airline I fly,"The best airline there is. Direct flights to Central America and the Caribbean. Extra leg room, great food at reasonable prices. Makes other airlines look like they don't value their customers. Great rewards plan on top of that. I try my best to only use them and can't wait for"
Great flight,"Going to aruba flight and crew were great 3 stewards very nice , coming back different crew not as good an experience!"
"NOLA - NYC flight turned around, delayed and a waste of time","Booked a red-eyed 6am flying out of New Orleans to JFK in hopes of saving time and to have more time to spend in NYC before heading back to Switzerland. But no! While we were due to arrive in NYC at 10am, one hour into the flight at 7am, the captain announced mid-air that we're"
"No Tea Coffee in Main Cabin, no Water in Lavatory","JetBlue clearly has started believing that vintage is good. The creaky A320 had the tray behind my seat would not stay in place. The poor passenger behind me tried every few minutes to slam it in place, giving me a jolt and frustrating everyone around. Water was missing for"
Great Airline,"Whenever I travel, I always check Jet Blue first to see if they offer a flight. I like the leg room, seat comfort and entertainment screens. Seems simple, but it seems the major airlines offer less-and-less and keep raising rates. Jet Blue is consistent and for that I will"
Don't count on this airline to get where you need to be,"Don't count on this airline to get where you need to be. I booked a flight to get from Chicago to Burlington, VT for the Vermont City Marathon which I was hoping to win for the second time. The flight was actually to Boston, but it is within driving distance provided the flight"
Standard flight - going to miss Coke products,Two gate switches last minuet that caused a delay but we made up the time in the air. An older plane meaning less entertainment options. The food and drink was great - sad to see coke products go.
savannah GA,the seats were tight but the flight was quick and the staff was very polite thhe bathrooms are very tiny but otherwise the seats are very roomy
Comfortable flight,"Flying from New York City to Punta Cana was great; the seats were very comfortable and the service excellent (including snacks, movies, etc.). I traveled with my mom, who needed a wheelchair. The JetBlue agents helped us from the time we arrive at the airport in New York to the"
Well Run Airline,"Surprising number of departures and arrivals between these two relatively small airports. Outbound and inbound flights on time-no delays. Good value, smooth boarding, good snack service, better legroom than most other airlines."
Last row,Overall I found JetBlue a good economy airline. Check in staff are efficient and helpful. You get a generous allowance for carry on luggage but the only problem is if you are one of the last to board you may find it difficult to find overhead storage. I was seated in the very
Kundenservice,"I changed the return flight online and received a confirmation e-mail from jetblue. At the day of the flight they told me at the airport, that there was no reservation in the system because the payment failed. They told me they tried to call me several times to inform me about"
First time with JetBlue and would fly again,"This was my first experience with JetBlue. The boarding process is great — fill the back of the plane first (after elderly, children and first) — I wish other airlines did this. The service was adequate, not the best but certainly not the worst. Lots of included amenities"
Great flight,"It was a nice, newer plane and they were very generous on the complimentary snacks. Wish JetBlue provided the T-mobile Gogo in flight internet service but I would still fly with them again."
Short and sweet Jetblue flight,"Jetblue is always dependable, courteous, and smooth rides. Jetblue has been named 2nd best airline. Pleasant staff, clean plane. Quick drink and snack for my 1 hour flight."
Best Airline I have ever traveled in.,"It is always a pleasure to travel on Jet Blue. My favorite. Because I had shoulder and knee Surgery they accommodated me in everything from the seat to boarding. Excellent customer service from the phone, the plane to the airport in Tampa. In the airport in PR they still need"
Off to Orlando,It was a good flight to Orlando but flying from Orlando to Boston all Jet Blue flights were delayed not sure why the one before ours was delayed 3 hours . Weather was fine and plane was there
flight to from jfk to sacramento,"good leg room and on time departure, good sevice in the plane. will fly again with jetblue in the future."
"Comfortable Seat, Quick Flight","The flight down and back to Charleston from Boston were great and I was treated to a surprise on the flight back. For the flight back we got the plane painted green with the Celtics logo, which also had the updated interior. As a frequent flier of JetBlue it was great to see"
James/Kevin Heart,"Flying across the country for an interview and Jet Blue can’t hang my coat cuz the closet is in first class and my seat is in coach. The attendant, instead, stuffs my suit in one of the overhead bins cuz “there’s no other place to put it sir” and they wouldn’t let me hold on to"
Delay and hard seat,"We had issues at check-in with one of our bag tags not printing at the check-in kiosk. We finally got on the plane, after a 30 minute delay in boarding, only to sit for almost an hour waiting for a slot to takeoff. The seats on the A320 do have a lot of legroom, and there is"
Every time I fly this airline there is a delay,Delay Delay Delay. Not due to weather. Constantly delayed. Done with this airline at any price. Most planes are old and worn.
Delayed almost 3 hours,It is very upsetting when it is a beautiful spring day and you arrive at airport early to start your vacation.... And your fly is delayed at first 30 minutes then it turns into almost 3 hours!! I understand thing do happen that can not be controlled. But I believe Jet Blue
JetBlue Doesn't care,"We were told on flight to fill out customs forms. When we asked for a pen they said it's not their responsibility to provide pens. Then we were hearded like cattle, and although we're Americans in America. We were forced to wait for foreigners to go first. Only 2 pens working in"
A Good First Experience with jetBlue,"I'm 6'4"", and I was pleasantly surprised that my knees weren't smooshed into the seat in front of me during my flights."
Never get the right experience,"Plane delayed then departure time moved up while we went for food. My TV NEVER works. This time I had an image but bad sound--I think's that"" even worse than no TV. I hear such good stories of JetBlue but I never enjoy that experience."
"JET BLUE - YOU WERE AMAZING, THANK YOU SO MUCH","When I arrived at BGI, Jet Blue wouldn't check me in as I didn't have an ESTA. Danielle from Jet Blue submitted the ESTA application, she lost the signal several times and had to start all over again. As it transpired, the ESTA wasn't approved in time, but Jet Blue agreed to"
Very Consistent,"After flying our past several flights on American, it was great to get back to Jet Blue. The standard seats are very good for leg room. The boarding process is consistent and fair. Both outgoing and return flights left on time and arrived 30 minutes early. Good stuff."
"Comfortable, on-time, excellent value","Whenever I fly ti NYC, I always choose JetBlue. Their scheduling seems to always be a perfect fit with my plans. And, the seats are more spacious than most airlines. Maybe there is a better price out there, but, for me, I'm stickin' with JetBlue."
"Delay, delay, delay","Flying on May 9th, flight time was changed approx 6 times and the gate 3 times. 1:00pm, 2:15, 3:30, 5:08, 6:30, 5:45, and 6:30pm. Gates 1, 22, and 23. Those are the changes I remember. Apparently there were mechanical issues in Havana, followed by ""the president"" holding up"
Jet Blue,Love flying JetBlue cross country. Good snacks and drinks. Good wifi. Good TVs to watch shows. Plenty of room if you want to sleep.
Excellent flights,This is the first time we've flown JetBlue & were pleasantly surprised at how nice it is. The first thing we noticed is how much leg room you have. And not like all the other airlines where you have to pay extra for it. These are standard with plenty of room. I believe you
4 day flash visit to the Island!,"Jetblue has always been great to me & family I use the airline ALL THE TIME! 1 carry on free, extra leg space & good snacks love the DD coffee and flight attendants are always so nice & polite!"
Plane ride,Jet blue air lines was very accommodating and friendly. The pilot was awsome the take off and landing were very calm I will deffinetly be taking jet blue again in the future.
Smooth Flight,What a wonderful stress free and relaxing flight. Smooth flight from the get go. Very friendly and professional crew. Would definitely fly JetBlue again.
great flight,Had a great flight home from Florida. The flight was on time and had a smooth flight. The attendants were very friendly and made the trip pleasant.
"Great Service, clean planes, great crew and customer service",The flight arrived on time. The crew was always friendly and service was very good. The seats were comfortable
The flight was great and the pilots and their crew did a great job.,This was our first time flying with Jet Blue and it was a pretty good experience. Now that I have flown Jet Blue I would fly with them again without hesitation.
Great flight all around A+++,I had never flew with jet blue. It was a great flight. Everyone treated my wife and myself great. They found out we were traveling for our 25th anniversary and did something special for us. Thank you jet blue
"Safe, comfortable and on time flight","Had another good flight on JetBlue from Boston to Denver. The flight was smooth, ample space, and on-time. JetBlue is quickly becoming my go-to for flights from Boston."
Another great flight,Another effortless pleasant travel experience. Great all around from check in to the flight and crew. Smooth travel is always the best travel.
One of the worst airlines,"I’ve flown with many different airlines, but Jet blue is definitely one of the worst. I flew to Cancun with Delta, my returning flight was with Jet Blue. Delta didn't charge me for baggage fees because I'm a military service member. As a courtesy, they call active duty service"
Missed the connecting flight (because of bad weather),"So, in general we like JetBlue and we like flying with them. This time our experience was less fun. When checking in, they told us that our flight was delayed because of bad weather. Ok it happens, we also had travel insurance, not a problem, and they issued a new itinerary with"
Sad,"I used to fly JetBlue weekly but after today's experience I think Delta is a better bet. All seats in my row were empty & still the flight attendant went out of her way to make it known dogs are not to be in any seat. I respect rules, but under the circumstances with all the"
low price but good flight!,"Very good flght staff and customer service. when we arrived the seats did not correspond which the ones I chose, we were traveling with kids and we arrived pretty early and the staff person at front decided to up grade our seats. It was our first experience with jetblue and it"
Inappropriate representation,"We made reservations to fly to a funeral in Florida. JetBlue web site directed us to Budget car rental, leading us to understand the two companies work together. We rented a car for two days. Due to death in the family (the husband of one of the travelers) we had to return to NY"
Finally some leg room.,This was the first time we've flown JetBlue and we are huge fans. There is plenty of leg room. This was one of the most comfortable flights I've ever had. The unlimited snack is nice as well. We will only be flying JetBlue whenever possible.
Great Customer Service,"I flew to and from Boston to connect with flights to and from Europe. They were able to check me in to my two connecting European flights with no problem. Upon returning, I flew Aer Lingus from Faro, Portugal to Dublin and on to Boston. The Aer Lingus person in Faro assured me"
"Great trip going, not so good coming back","Had a great trip going to Nassau- new plane with all the bells and whistles. Coming back was not so good. Older plane with some issues. Something I never thought of when flying- I am 6'4"" and choosing one's own seat most people try to get as close to the front when selecting,"
"With the low price, was a pretty decent ride.","The flight was booked for me, but was a very good price I understand. I wasn't expecting much, but it was a totally decent ride."
Perfect Flight,"Everything happened without a hitch. Plane was on time. Crew were efficient. The A320/321 has individual screens on the seat back in front of you, with Direct TV and several other offerings. Food for sale was quite fine. Best way to fly to SAN from BOS."
Consistently above average,"We fly JB when SW does not have a route to the destination. I't seems pricier than SW but it does offer comp movie, wifi, etc . Plus it White Plains NY is a very convenient airport for is to use to get to our ultimate CT destination. We avoid at all cost using LAG in NYC and for"
JetBlue!,"Had a great flight once again on Jet Blue. Planes are always clean and everyone from the flight attendants to the pilots are the consummate professionals. Always get extra legroom , it’s worth the extra charge. The pilot got us to San Juan in just two hours and 10 min. Took the"
Vacation...,I always fly JetBlue and have never been disappointed with anything. The flights are great and the staff professional and helpful. A year ago I was flying home to CT from FL. I had recently lost my husband and my mother and was flying back to CT after their funerals. As I
Boston to Charleston,"Great service, great legroom, flight left on time and arrived early. No issues at all, thanks for a great trip JetBlue"
I Have always had a pleasant experience on JetBlue,"I have flown Delta, Spirit and American in addition to JetBlue. I like JetBlue. You get to take a carry on and a personal item for free. All airlines have changed. The days of free stuff is almost gone. The airlines have to stay afloat somehow. I am savvy and I shop around for"
Nonstop to Cancun,"The flight to and from Cancun were both good. There was a short period of turbulence on each one, but nothing too crazy. The flight attendants were all good, however, some of them appeared to lack interest in their job. I try not to judge too much because we all have days now"
Great Red-eye!,"I generally do not like the Red-eye, but this flight was comfortable and quick! Long Beach airport is a delight--great alternative to LAX."
Delayed Again,We were delayed 2 and a half hours on a morning flight to Cancun. The flight was originally on time but kept getting delayed.
"Good Service, Good Legroom, On Time","JetBlue does a really good job on their cross country flights. Planes are almost always on time, boarding is organized and efficient, the planes are clean and the flight attendants competent and pleasant. I find the legroom really good (i'm 6'). The in-flight entertainment is"
Worst flight ever,They wanted to charge me 75 to change to early fly because my connecting flight got to Orlando early.i declined and my scheduled flight at 7:58 was delayed until 11:40 and did not get to Newark until 215. To make things worse we had to wait when we arrived due to no gate being
JetBlue is always delayed,Terrible! If you are flying between Boston and Philadelphia do NOT fly Jetblue. They have been delayed 4 out of the last 5 times I've flown them.
great airline,Great flight; customer service was excellent. Has most legroom of any airline I have flown and the movie/tv selection was great.
Trip home from Wedding/Honeymoon,"We booked our flights on Expedia so we flew Copa to Punta Cana and JetBlue home. I was super worried about flying Copa(had never heard of it and then heard it was a ""budget Airline"" and excited to fly JetBlue (had heard good things in the past and never flown it) Copa surpassed"
Great flying experience / reliable and friendly,"We flew Jetblue for the first time and were happy with our choice. Swift check in at the airport and great flying experience. The flight attendants were really nice and helpful, not just with us but also with other passengers."
Direct Flights each way,We were happy to get direct flights both ways for our vacation to Pompano Beach. It’s been years since I’ve seen so much leg room in a coach seat. Both flights were on time and pleasant. The only downside was that the entertainment system was not functional on our return flight
Great experience,I got a great deal flying out on a Tuesday to JAX. At the airport I was immediately offered a wheelchair (I have a handicap) everyone was courteous & professional. The porter placed my things on the conveyor belt & assisted me through TSA screening. The stewardess put my
Best flight for quite some time!,"From the check-in folks to the crew, our trip on Jet Blue from Boston to St. Maarten and back was as comfortable and enjoyable as any we have taken. We will always use Jet Blue if we can."
JetBlue is the Way to Fly,"We flew from Boston to Las Vegas last week. It was non-stop and took just under 6 hours. It was a very comfortable and smooth flight. The crew were very friendly and helpful. Anytime I fly anywhere, I go with JetBlue Airlines."
Good as Expected,We usually fly Jet Blue. Our favorite airline. Lots of legroom & great staff & customer service. Snacks & tv also.
Go Blue!,"First time ever flying Jet Blue. Great trip, would definitely fly Jet Blue again going to Boston. Go Blue!"
Great Tampa to JFK service,Excellent direct service to JFK with good flight record especially for NYC area. Best economy seats of any airline and great in-flight entertainment options. Usually only have carry on for NYC trips but using a JetBlue credit card gets free checked bags if you need them. Be sure
So so,Normally I wouldn't write a review on an airline but TripAdvisor sent me an e-mail asking me about my flight and I have a few minutes to kill so figured what the heck. But anyways flew JetBlue a few months ago also and TVs didn't work. That time it was just mine and a few others
Vegas conference,Very good experiences. Will highly recommend the jet blue experience. Despite delays they kept us informed and provided excellent service. Both airports are very easy to use and I will use again. Thanks jet blue
Northeast Regional Manager,"I recently flew Jetblue from Trinidad and the Pilots, TJ and Neil were both Very Nice Guys and Very Professional The Flight Attendants were Outstanding in Character as well as Service....2nd to None. I’ll be flying back to Trinidad in 2 months and will definitely fly there on"
Fun in the Air,We love Blue.... Great Price...Service is always above and beyond. Watched Tv til Cuba after that a movie... Time flew by....Plane was clean and modern
My favorite airline...,JetBlue has these service. They fly to most places we visit. Pricing specials are reasonable. Planes are clean. Loading and deplaning is efficient. I wish they had healthier snacks like a trail mix.
"Great Services to San Jose, CR","No better way to get to San Jose! Best prices, direct service, good on-time record (travel in the tropics isn't always within airline control), nice staff. Use your JetBlue card for free checked baggage for longer stays. JetBlue has free in-flight entertainment which has always"
Too expensive - for such average service,"This was my first time in over 10 years on a Jet Blue flight. Although I’ve been traveling around the world for two decades, I never had to take a jet Blue flight since one flight years ago. Going to Tampa from NY, JetBlue seemed to be a decent option, or was it? "
JetBlue all the way!,We have flown JetBlue several times they are by far the best! Legroom amazing! Flight attendants are so friendly and courteous. Snacks and drinks are adequate. We were able to get our boarding passes the night before and were able to reserve our seats. Thanks JetBlue for another
Always great customer service,"They always provide great customer service. If there are any issues they are quick to fix them. The cabins are always clean, modern, and have plenty of leg room. There are lots of small perks that other airlines have eliminated and the price is always fair. On this long haul"
Always a great experience on Jet Blue!,"Always great! Price, service, quality, seats. Watched two new great movies on the way and the flight time ""flew"" by."
A great airline to fly!,Flew on Jetblue from JFK to Savannah in April. We find them to be the tops in customer service. This end to end experience was not our best but it was still very good. The inflight crew just seemed to be tired or a bit off. So they were not as friendly as we are used to on this
Misleading service,"This is my first experience with JetBlue. I went with them for a great ticket price to Costa Rica. I chose to pay with their MasterCard that was advertising a promotion I didn’t end up receiving, but that’s not my real complaint. I called to ask about how to make my ticket"
JetBlue,A very good experience during this leg of our flight. Will fly JetBlue again. We had no delays and all went smoothly
Great Flight makes the Trip,"JetBlue is the best. Plenty of legroom, great service. Flight coming and going was good. Some delay in Boston takeoff, and landing leading to delay in time, not all JetBlue’s fault"
Mr,On my trip I paid for one luggage and brought with me a small carry on. When boarding the plane my carry was taken away from me bc there was no space in the overhead compartments. This annoyed me bc they let in people with giant carry ons and often with two. Theirs wasn’t taken
"Friendly flight attendants, conscientious pilots, uncomfortable seats.","We flew from Orlando, Florida to San Jose, Costa Rica. Our outgoing flight was on time. The seating was roomier than most airlines I’ve flown with in recent years. And that’s quite a few. There were fun snacks. The flight attendants were very personable. The entry into San Jose"
JetBlue flight experience,Regular flight. Decent leg room. Watch TV at your own risk :) No headphones provided. Complimentary snacks and drinks. Overall tolerable experience
good airline,"world class airline, great customer service. very spacious. great with scheduling. highly recommended."
relaxing trip to st lucia,"our flight was very good. Jet blue is consistent with service, comfort and timeliness. I plan to use them for future trips."
Confused at boarding,"My only confusion came from the boarding process. No complaint really, just confused. I had my boarding pass marked with a D and being in the rear of the aircraft I figured we would be some of the first to board, after the first boarding groups of premium boarders. Not so. We"
They changed my flight and didn't want to reimburse the difference or upgrade to 1st class,"I paid over $30 more to flight from 1:30pm to 5:30pm from Santiago DR. to Boston MA. 2 days latter they sent me an email changing my flight to overnight from 3:47am to 7:44am. I called customer service, spoke with PATRICIA and asked her for a reimbursement of the extra amount a"
Horrible costumer service,We ran into 4 Jet Blue Employees that were very rude. And they were rude to everyone. They destroyed my brand new luggage and after an hour fussing because they weren’t going to do anything about it they finally said they would replace it with one on their website (so it won’t
"Tale of two segments one good, one terrible",JetBlue BAIT and SWITCH my family as Military customers due to vague and ambiguous policy coupled with poor employee training. JetBlue military baggage policy states: Bags can be checked for no fee under the following circumstances: 5 bags each for you and dependents traveling
Cancelled flight 2 hours before departure!,"They cancelled my flight 2 hours before departure. I went to JFK and had been checking my phone all day to ensure there were no delays or issues and not until I finally arrived at the airport, 2.5 hours from where I was staying. This was so awful and inconvenient. The worst part"
JetBlue and it’s notorious delays,"Simple stuff to say, I’ve heard of JetBlue having delays always when traveling to the Caribbean, we’ll u was able to confirmed it. Both of my flights were delayed by 2hrs, you pretty much only get water on their flights, you’re better off using any other airline."
Basic comfortable service,Great affordable airline for basic travel needs. They charge extra for more than a carry-on but allow 2 carry-ons of reasonable size.
Extra Leg Room Meant Other Consolations,"I paid for extra leg room because of the length of the flight, but didn't know that because of the seat selection, I would not be able to recline since the other emergency exit was behind me; something which should be clarified when selecting the option. Also after an hour into"
Business trip,We flew jet blue for a business trip from Fort Lauderdale to Phoenix. The planes was old and dated. They charged for ear plugs on the flight. The flight attendants were professional and courteous. The flight was on time and there were really no issues.
good flight but bad wheelchair service,wheelchair service to the gate was ok but attendant left us and said he would return at boarding time. He did not return and I had to push my wife onto plane after others had aleady boarded since he did not arrive back for early boarding. When we landed at JFK there was no
Extra Leg-Room didnt Mean Getting on The Plane Early!!!!,"Took extra leg-room both ways. Just so we can board early. Leaving Punta Cana was a free for all getting on the plane. Didnt matter where your seat was, or if you were Mosaic, extra leg-room. It was crazy!!!! I fly jetblue all the time, just mostly in the US. Just boarding is"
Blue is True!,"Living in the Caribbean for the past two years, I've begun to rely on JB! The extra legroom reduces stress, enough snacks & drinks to keep hunger at bay and helpful employees, from online to the pilot's seat; I feel like a valued customer! Even though the fares are usually"
Vacation to Las Vegas,"Flight like always, very good, crew was very friendly and informative, all the extra like TV, Music,Free Movies are a good Value,Thanks Jet Blue for every moment we spend with you, definitely would not change to another airline."
Decent Flight,"No delay in flight time from Bermuda, the flight and service was good. No major disappointments with the airline during this travel."
Las Vegas to New York,Uneventful smooth flight with an extra legroom seat. The extra legroom is a must with flights over 4 hours.
Long Delayed but Treated us Very Well,"Flight was delayed over 3.5 hours because the seat belt light wasn't working and, the plane could not fly until that was fixed. Staff and crew were very nice, kept us informed with total honesty. At one point they told us that if the repair could not be made, we all have to be"
Jet Blue has a Sense of Humor,"I have always liked JetBlue, though I am aware they have had their very bad moments (imprisoning passengers on the ground for hours) and they are the only airline that I have ever been denied boarding on (I arrived 30 seconds past the limit - never done it sense so I learned). "
Too tight for comfort,"I love flying JetBlue but ever since they started to make the spaces more compact for more passengers, like sardines, there is no longer any extra leg room for talls guys like me to ever fly comfortable. I'm 6'3"" and I now fly tight."
Decent flight,Took Jetblue A320 to JFK. Flight was on time. Comfortable. Decent leg room. However planes are beginning to look old. Looking forward to the updates underway. Not hot food. But drinks and snacks are provided. On comparing internationally there is catching up to do.
Great flight,"Had a delay flight cause of bad weather in boston, but the flight and the service was very good. Clean and good"
Worst airline EVER,I am still waiting for my 7:30 pm flight to leave Ft Lauderdale and we are now delayed until 11:15 pm. We still don’t even know if we will take off. This is not the first time. This is the 5th time. Why am I so stupid to book this flight again. I’m writing this to warn the rest
Terrible flight attendant on our flight,"We have been using Jetblue since 2000. But, we have never encountered a flight attendant like we had on our last flight from Las Vegas to JFK. McDonald's service today is better than what we witnessed, just embarrassing. I hope that's not their new standard."
Really Great Service,I flew the red eye from LAX to JFK with JetBlue. The legroom on this aircraft is really great. The service is friendly and the flight arrive on time.
JetBlue Reviews,Amazing flight with lot of leg room. Seats were wider than Emirates . Service was amazing. I cant understand how the flight can be so reasonably priced yet provide the best of services. It will be now difficult to fly by AC or AA ever.
Early departure and arrival,"Flew with family of five for a spring break. Left JFK and Cancun Airport before the departure time. That made the arrival to both destinations earlier, which is always great."
Trash customer service,Had to move seat because headphone jack didn't work. Had issues with their website and it keep glitching. They offered me $15 credit what a joke when I spent over $300 for the seat they made me change
LEG ROOM!!!,I'm 6 foot 2 inches tall and usually flights are a pain cause my knees are smashed against the tray in front of me but Jet Blue designs their planes to have maximum leg room so I was able to stretch out my legs and it felt great during the whole 4 hour flight. Plus they also
We made it there!,"Airline is good, love the private tv with lots of options in flight. We made it to our destination with no problems, so that makes it a great flight. :) customer service on the phone could improve."
Love JetBlue,"JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines and probably my favorite US airline. Planes are new and clean, lots of great options for entertainment, free in-flight wifi and friendly service. Pricing is understandable and (IMO) pretty competitive. I fly JetBlue often to Savannah but"
Favorite airline,Always enjoy flying JetBlue. Always friendly service. Love the availability of nonstop Boston to Aruba. Prices are competitive.
The MINT experience,"If you are pre-check it should take you about 10 to 15 mins to get to the gate. If you can give-up business lounge then JetBlue provides you with the best value for the money. For some reason online check-in is an issue, couldn't receive my boarding pass to my mobile so I had"
Best Airline Ever,The caring way JetBlue handles all their customers is amazing. The snacks are way better than other airlines and the newer planes are so comfortable!
things change,"As Jet blue upgrades their planes the seats get smaller and the services before gettin on plane seem to be much less. Very strict all of a sudden with carry on bags, in terminals staff not as friendly as before. The planes are newer, the seats are smaller and the tv when"
"Excellent, as Always",JetBlue is always a great flight. flight attendants on and off the plane are always very nice and helpful. The snacks are delish and TVs almost always work. Too bad you control the people who sit in front of you who feel the need to have their seats resting in your lap.. but
New Standard to flying,"It seems that smaller cabins and less amenities is the standard for flying. JetBlue seems to do this standard the best. better food options. Good TV, Music and WiFi. Their staff is very friendly and always cheerful. The pilots were super nice and made themselves available for"
Consistent good service,"I was flying from the Dominican Republic to New Yorik's Kennedy, non stop. The ticket agent, the gate agent, and the flight attendants were all friendly, smiling, helpful and courteous. I needed a little extra help boarding, no problem. I needed help putting my rollerboard in"
My first JetBlue experience,"On time and even got in a bit early. Inflight crew was friendly and helpful. Overall, an excellent flight!"
Best customer service ever received,I missed my flight due to customs control error and they let me board the next flight and made a connecting flight with a 15 min transfer gap! They also made sure my bag was on the very next flight. AMAZING!!!
Avoid JETBLUE!!!,Three flights in a row with significant delays 1.5 + hours. Each time we have been told it’s a mechanical error. Hmmmm... not feeling too safe with this airline anymore. BYE JETBLUE
Comfortable!,This was my first time flying with JetBlue and I was very pleased! I think the seats were pretty comfy and spacious. The flight attendants were pleasant. Trip was on time. Pilot announcements to update on time of arrival. Nice to have the entertainment system on seat back
Family trip to Florida,Seats a little more roomier then other airlines. Bring earbuds to listen to tv they have for free. No complaints
Always great,"Flew roundtrip from FLL to Lima, Peru. I always take advantage of the upgrade to the More Space seats. You get first boarding and the legroom is at least double of normal seats. They offered snacks for sale on the way out, which were quite good. Be sure to bring your own"
Upgrade,"Used frequent flyer miles for this trip. When I arrived at the gate I noticed I had no seat assignment. I went up to the gate agent and told her this. She asked if I was willing to help in the case of an emergency, I said yes. I received the exit row by myself and the window"
"Nice staff, nice flight","The staff was very polite. They made the flight pleasurable. I recommend JetBlue for service and great entertainment....as well as good snacks! The inflight entertainment was great. A lot of good choices of tv programs , movies and music. The staff all the way from checking in"
Best airline,"I traveled for two days. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The only thing I do not like, is the food (snack) they serve. For being at the airport for so long and on the plane, that’s not a healthy food to have. Other than that, the staff is great!!!"
Not As Good As It Was,"Jet Blue was always our go to airline. Last few flights not so much. Three of the four were delayed They started out not charging for luggage. Now they try to $35 per bag, more than other airlines. Our last flight we were taxiing for takeoff, then the captain announces we have"
Excellent experience every time.,"My Wife and I always fly Jet Blue, if we can. They have always treated us great! I love that you actually get leg room, as I am 6’1” tall and not a small guy by any means. We love the personal TV’s to make the flight enjoyable, and my wife loves the snack choices."
JetBlue is Jetblue,My wife and I traveled for the fist time ever to Las Vegas for my birthday in June of 2018. Jet Blue was the usual Jetblue. We flew from Boston connecting thru Kennedy in New York. The first plane Boston to NY was older with my TV screen not working. The second plane NY to Las
Poor results on recent flight to Portland Oregon,"Weather delays on Sunday 3/10/19 would have caused missed connection. Their next flight to PDX was not until Wednesday, JetBlue refused to reimburse Monday $363 flight on American only allowing $50."
Love this airline,Always travel with jet blue when it’s available on the route we take . And always take mint class when available . The service is impeccable on board and the Check in staff were amazing . We had a connecting flight and the first flight was delayed due to weather and they did
Jet blue is fabulous,This is very inexpensive direct flight to and from Boston/Houston. I highly recommend it to go anywhere in and around Houston. We booked it to take a cruise out of Galveston.
Mint Class from JFK to Barbados,"Me and my husband both flew Mint for the first time. Our flight departed at 7:22am. We got to the airport at 5:15am, and quickly made our way over to the Mint counter with Zero line. The priority line for security check was pointless at that hour because there was no line at"
Trubulence WHO????,This flight was the worst so much turbulence. I was horrified it was from beginning to end and left me for two days with the worse headache ever.
Jetblue doubts,I always fly nervous as long as it goes to where a need to fly. I've only had weather related issues. Staff are always polite and professional.
Great local flight and no hassle to bring sports equipment,I flew Jetblue for a recent trip between Boston and DC. The flight was great even and the flight attendants were always on hand. I took a ski bag as my one checked bag and it was no problem at all. The bag contained circus / juggling props and the Jetblue counter didn't blink
Best Direct Flights to Mexico!!!,"Fast, great service with free movies and snacks!!! Easy to pick seats, luggage is quick pick up and flight attendants are always fabulous!"
Always worthwhile to only fly direct with JetBlue,"I love JetBlue, I will always choose JetBlue over any other airline whenever possible. They always make sure that my young family is sitting right next each other and have always went out of their way to accommodate us. I specifically am always looking for direct flights and"
"good service ,good price","good space between chairs ,no delays , free beverages and snacks , old aircraft , but good price/value"
"JetBlue is our #1 go to airline,","JetBlue is our #1 ""go to"" airline, from check-in, to baggage check-in, to boarding, everyone who works for the airline is incredibly helpful, courteous and organized. Even with a late start, we arrived on time. I trust JetBlue with flying my family."
Destination wedding,"The flight attendant was pleasant and polite, he made everyone feel special. He remember travelers by their names and would chat with them. It was a great flight experience."
DO NOT USE EXPEDIA!,"This is more a comment about Expedia than JetBlue, but there was no option to complain about Expedia. We had a JetBlue flight booked from Portland to Anguilla for a wedding that was booked in October 2018. The flight was cancelled in November 2018 as JetBlue stopped serving"
"Don't fly them often, but am usually satisfied",We were completing a round trip to/from Aruba. Jetblue is one of the discount carriers that I would try to book vs. some of the others. The overall flight experience is pretty good. You are on Jetblue because you want to pay a fair price and still be comfortalbe. The flight
Unceremoniously dumped at a different airport & deserted,"The ticket I purchased was to take me from Ft Lauderdale to Westchester County Airport in NY. When we got there, it was fogged in so they took us to JFK (35 miles away & 70 miles from home) - & stranded us there. We were told our trip was over & go find a cab/Lyft/Uber. The"
ARUBA,"In general , wonderful flight. Seats, not so comfortable for a long flight. boarding was painless and having a Jetblue card may purchases easier on flight. flight back also good."
"Palm Springs, CA to JFK, NY","Took a ""redeye"" flight on JetBlue on Friday April 19th from Palm Springs, CA Airport for the first time and it was the easiest, best flight ever. No more dealing with LAX and LA traffic nightmares trying to leave on a trip or returning from a trip. I was able to upgrade to the"
Better than expected,I got this flight out of San Diego because of price and was expecting a very uncomfortable seat but i was surprised that the seating was not bad. And we got free Wifi all the way through.
Smooth,"Extremely easy check in process, smooth flight that arrived ahead of time, great variety of beverages and food items (both free and for charge)."
first time on this airline,this was my first experience on jet blue and was pleasantly surprised. very comfortable seats and it was great to get a snack and refreshments without having to pay wish they had more direct flights from cleveland would definitely use more often if they did
Made me sick,I’ve been a loyal customer to Jet Blue for over 4 years. Taking as many as 5-7 ROUNDTRIP flights /year. Before my recent travel experience less than one wk ago I would have given them a 5star review. I traveled last week from Fort Myers to Boston. I had called the airline one
A very good experience,"First time we flew JetBlue and we had a very good experience. The crew was welcoming and attentive to our needs. We were a bit late taking off due to some medical emergency on the plane’s previous flight, so the pilot apologized to everyone. While most economy classes have no"
Amazing!,"First time I've ever flown JetBlue. Wow. This is what it's like to have a good airline experience again! The staff was great. Seats were pretty comfy. Yup, I will fly with this airline again."
Nightmare,Waited with boarding passes to check car seat 1 hour. Was not a option to check car seat on the kiosk. Waited 45 minutes to go through security. No seats available to sit at gate due to many being broken. Check picture.
Excellent Red-Eye to FLL,"This was the 1st time we chose to fly on Jet Blue. The service is very good. The in-seat entertainment was plentiful, but don’t forget to bring your own earphones or headphones because otherwise you will need purchase them during flight for $10/ea. All the family members were"
Long weekend in the sun,"As usual, we had a very positive experience with our JetBlue flight. The flight was on time and landed a little early. The crew is always pleasant. We fly Jetblue when ever possible."
"Love the seats, not the policies","The flights both ways were delayed 2 1/2 to 3 hours--once for weather and once for no given cause. On one flight, the reading lights did not function. The seats were comfortable and the staff was pleasant, but not so much as a glass of wine was offered at no cost. The airline"
First Timwe Fave!,"First time , and had a great trip both ways. Will definately book JetBlue when it is and option for future travel."
Still one of my favorites,"A lot has changed in the airline industry over the years. Remember when planes got more spacious? Well, not more. Back to the days of cramped seats and narrow aisles. However, with JetBlue, what they lack in interior space and food offerings they more than make up for in"
Poor cleanig and hygiene,Got onboard this full flight. My tray table appeared to have human excrement on it as well as my neighbors screen appeared to be covered with the same material. Onboard staff appeared uninterested as in it is someone else's job...
Mrs.,This is the first time I have given any company a bad review. I always try to sympathize with the employees and give them the benefit of the doubt. This time it's different. We planned and paid this trip 5 months ago. We were going to go to my cousins wedding and my son was
Fraudulent ticket sales,"My first time flying with them today, I was sold two tickets next to each other and instead was given two middle seats instead of the seats we purchased, and have confirmation proof of via email directly from JetBlue. HORRIBLE customer service when I inquired. Don’t sell turds"
Jetblue sucks,"DO NOT TRAVEL BY JETBLUE! I lost my cabin luggage, which I checked in at the boarding gate area at the request of the flight attendant at the time of boarding. My flight number is 134, SFO to Boston. I already put a complaint with JetBlue baggage loss but I keep getting"
Great Airline,Great Airline the plane was very clean. Helpful staff and crew. Great little snacks and drinks. Would recommend.
1st Time Flier - Loved It - Flashback to Flying in the 80's and 90's.,Used to fly a lot prior to 9/11. Then the added headaches of security (agree it's necessary) and the new attitude of airlines about charging for everything changed my attiutide about flying and I fly very infrequently. Usually on one of the legacy carriers or low end. Finally
On time,On time both ways what more do I need to say. Flight crew very cordial saw to your needs. They got us boarded quickly as to avoid the storm front approaching
pleasant trip,We took Jet Blue..not my usual airline..to Aruba because they offer nonstop flights to and from Boston. On the way down we paid approximately $80 per person extra for seats with more legroom. We did not on the way back..we were in regular economy. None of our party is tall so
Nice trip,"Price is good, flight attendants are very kind. They took out on time. Spacious seats even in economy class. We took out from Mexico City and the crew were very kind with me and my kids. Defenily I recommend to fly with them."
Most leg room and comfy seats!,It was my first JetBlue flight and not my last! The experience was great. Seat are very comfortable and prices great. It's my CEO's preferred airlines.
flight,"great flight, wonderful cheerful service from all throughout entire process from arrival at airport to flight taking off. Quick to obtain things I asked for on flight. Personally we would have preferred more leg room at seats ( but no airline does this unless fly business"
Not great,"I was booked on a business class ticket with Aerlingus and only found out a few days before that JetBlue had no such class, was quite annoyed because this meant no lounge access at Atlanta as JetBlue don’t have a lounge, no meal, no champagne, nothing that I had paid cold hard"
Excellent,"Great, comfortable smooth flight. We were asked to change our seats to the exit row as there were many children on this flight. So we ended up with the extra space seats. I'm not a great flyer, but this fight really was smooth. We love Jetblue and prefer to fly with them."
Disappointed,Broken television screen...unhelpful flight attendant...flight kept getting further and further delayed...not a good experience...no barf bags by the seats!
A Fine Flight,"I have taken this flight numerous times and it's usually very good. From time to time there a small problems (sound tv, lack of the right drink or sandwiches, etc.0 but nothing major. Knock wood it's never been late."
No Pilot,"Arrived at the airport at 11am for a 2:20 Flight, at 1:30 noticed the board changed to delayed. Inquired because there was no announcement. Told no flight crew. Purposely purchased direct flight because there was 3 babies in our group, paid 1100 for flight, delayed until after"
Easy,Easy flight less than 2 hours on time. They did however put the car seat in a different location than the luggage which I wasn't happy about going searching for it but it was right there once I found the office
Don’t let the bad guy on board.,A late overnight flight and no Mint seats. Very seedy guy was behaving strangely in the boarding area. Dressed badly with his pants hanging down to his knees (guess it’s some kind of fashion statement ) he kept counting the money in his wallet time and time again. He was
great airline,As always Jet blue is a great airline. Service is wonderful plane was brand new and only sometimes wish they would offer more than one snack.
Great Flight - Great People!,"As always the people on jetblue treat me phenomenally! (now I am Mosaic, so that helps! :)) But it makes it so worth flying with them as much as possible. This was a newer plane so the technology was great. (older planes seem to have a lot of tv and wifi issues lately) The"
AUDIO VIDEO FAIL!!!!,"HOW ON EARTH DID THE AUDIO VIDEO CONTROLS ON THE ARM REST EVER PASS EVEN THE MOST BASIC DESIGN REVIEW? The controls for the entertainment system are on the ARM REST! Are you kidding me? This should have not passed even the first review. And it got built???? Design FAIL! "
The staff worked hard to help me,"Originally when I bought my ticket, I only had a 1 hour layover in Boston but the airline changed the flight times so that I ended up with an 8 hour layover. I wasn't thrilled since I was traveling with a 3 year old. We got into Boston early and RAN to the gate where there was"
Behold the Professionalism,Flight 479 April 18th 2019 10:16 am. Flight attendant Tasha made my flight comfortable and enjoyable. She may have noticed I was a little anxious and came over to assure me we will have a great flight. She then noticed my sweatshirt The great Norfolk State University... come to
The BEST,From their legroom to the comfortable seats to the best entertainment on a domestic flight. Always great selection of flights at competitive prices.
JetBlue is a DEFINITE Airline to Fly!,JetBlue is an Airline that works well! We always avoided JB because we considered them to be a no frills airline. We were wrong! JB is a definite contender to become the dominant player. It service is awesome. The planes are great and very comfortable. The Flight Attendants
On time when I fly,"When I do fly JetBlue, the pricing us usually OK but the employees have been great from the agent checking in bags to the agents assisting the passenger check in and of course the pilots. Being a pilot myself, I'm quite aware of what's going on in the cockpit and the overall"
when it's time to fly - we fly Jet Blue!,Flying scares the heck out of me - but at the same time I LOVE to travel...so when its time to fly - I fly with an airline that I can rely on to make me feel comfortable and most of all - safe! I absolutely love when the pilots talk you through the flight to keep you informed of
I hated flying until JetBlue,"This airline has it's crap together. Got it going on. Air travel is one of the most difficult industries for a company to differentiate itself, unless corporate understands some basic things: Use the same aircraft company-wide, treat people like humans and not cattle,"
RUDE EMPLOYEE,Although I have used Jetblue in the past (and pay higher prices then most airlines) …... however we encountered a Very Rude Employee when checking in at the Gate in Ft Lauderdale … this is the first time I have ever had to complain about an Airline Employee on a flight.(and I
Best value!,"The most legroom I have ever had in an economy seat! Unlimited snacks and drinks, plus the flight staff were incredible. I will be flying JetBlue again. :)"
Everything but sleep...,"This flight had it just about everything but i couldn't sleep. It had wifi, tv and great attendant service. The flight was shorter than expected and the pilots made it as comfortable as possible with very minor turbulance. Didn't even feel it land. The only thing i had a"
Poor customer service,"I was supposed to travel to Phoenix Arizona for the birthday of my girlfriend and two weeks before the flight we received a call from Argentina, our country of origin, saying that her dad was discovered with Leukemia and that he only had a few chances to survive. Of course, we"
Best American airline I've travelled with thus far !,"Since I've discovered Jetblue from Sint-Maarten to JFK, I've literally stopped traveling with American Airline. I love the service on board Jetblue Airlines, the staff is warm, professionnal, snacks are a plus. The staff went a long way to take my mind off of my fear of"
New York,I have always appreciated Jet Blue. They are a great company. They offer LOTS of options and times. I have traveled a fair amount this month. 11 flights 15 days. 5 different airlines. If I can find a flight on Jet Blue its always a good choice. This particular flight was
Easy direct flight,"I like flying JetBlue. The direct Syracuse to Orlando flight is perfect; I wish they offered it more than once a day. They have more legroom than some other airlines I fly, and I like the tv's for every seat."
LGA to FLL 04/25 Flight 1371,"On time service = A+, inflight service = A-, terminal = B- (limited amenities) if you need to wait, just one food vendor) and no other options to keep you occupied. Check-in agents F, period. The most inattentive, uncaring, and inhospitable people I have ever experienced on Jet"
Queen of the Skies--good to their people,"Unfortunately this flight got delayed by several hours. Before leaving home, they immediately sent out text and emails with the delay. At the airport, the Ground Crew greeted us with apologies and were transparent about why--explaining the technical problems. While we waited"
Great service,"Non-stop connection from CUN to JFK. And then I took a quick flight from EWR to BOS, and back BOS to CUN with a non-stop flight again. It is so easy and convenient to fly JetBlue. I like the space between seats and I am not that tall. I did not like that I could not change"
8 hour delay,I Purchased a more expensive ticket just so I can fly out at 5 AM. That flight was canceled last minute and the new fight Was scheduled to leave at 11 AM. That fight What then delayed for another 2 hours For a total of an eight hour delay. My family and I were then placed in
Jet blue service for disabled,I am disabled and travel with a scooter. I was nervous about taking it in s plane for the first time but JetBlue was so accommodating I was quickly put at ease. I filled out a pink tag for the scooter and was taken in the plane first. I was allowed to drug it right to the door
Ok,Ok trip on JetBlue. Really wish they would enforce the baggage policy. Plane was small so they had to check a bunch of the large bags and people don’t seem to understand what “1” carry on and “1” personal item mean. Anything to avoid the free! Just ended up taking extra
Consistently pleasant travel,"Just flew round trip from NYC-JFK to San Jose, CA. I opted for the even more space seat near the front of the plane. The bulkhead seats are nice except you have to stow away your larger items during takeoff and landing. Not a really big deal but for some it might be a bigger"
Another wonderful JetBlue experience,"Another on time flight, helpful and kind flight attendants and a smooth flight. I fly JetBlue with my children and everyone has been so kind. The seats are roomy and I really have no complaints."
Flight issues,"My flight was scheduled to leave Denver for Boston on 4/12/19 at 10:30pm. Due to weather the flight was delayed until 1am and delayed until 2am . At 1am, it was announced that the fight was cancelled due to pilot fatigue & would re- book everyone for a flight at 12 noon the next"
Best fligth ever,"We traveled to San Juan from Bradley International Aiport CT. The service was excellent.. the fligth was ahead of schedule and was a quite and smooth ride.. We love JetBlue! We wish we could have more JetBlue fligths out of Albany,NY.. our only options right now is to travel"
Great Counter Service in DCA,We had a big delay for our Hartford Trip but the counter people at Jet Blue CJ and Rubin were very understanding and courteous. Our Orlando based flight attendants were fabulous. Free WiFi and entertainment. Great DCA management by Mr Waldron and Ms Marvella.
Great flight,"Excellent service, on-time departure and arrival, really nice staff. JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines."
Spring,I was totally pleased with everything jet blue had to offer from online checking process to staff at airport and on plane. Hats off to JetBlue.
Self Service Airlines,"First: After waiting half hour past takeoff time, we were told the plane was too heavy to take off (from Burbank's shorter runways). They had to dump 1600 pounds of fuel...which took another hour. We now can take off but with the dumped fuel we cannot make it to New York, so"
Lots of leg room,I prefer JetBlue airline because of the extra leg room. I’m 5’8 and can cross my legs! I don’t squirm or feel cramped at all. I like their snacks better. You get the entire can of soda and choice of chips/cookies. And you can have seconds until they run out. I’ve flown
Delays & Cancelations,"I used to love jetblue like 2 years ago, but since they have decided to start delaying flights with little to no information then cancelling them. They don’t cancel them until they have delayed them more than like 8 hours and the people at the front desks know no information"
First time flying Jet Blue and the last time,"We took a party of 33 students and 13 adults to Washington for a school trip. We flew Jet Blue across the US- over 6 hours in the air and we departed JFK at dinner time. We told our large party to order food on the plane to save time. When they came to take our order, they"
Gate agent was either lying or ignorant,"Flying red-eye from Vegas to Boston to run the marathon. We noticed that my seat was listed online as ""non-reclining."" Asked the gate agent about switching. ""Oh no,"" he said, ""that seat will recline."" He gave us the option of paying more to switch to a different class, but"
Don't upgrade,"Although we paid for the upgrade to more leg room, the seats did not recline, so were not very comfortable on the red-eye... all else was good (service, and crew)... just not worth the extra fare..... When we fly home we did not upgrade the seats, and found that the legroom in"
difficulty boarding plane due to aircraft substitution,I suffer from very painful knees (left near to needing a knee replacement) as well as severe low back problems. The original aircraft was replaced with a lower plane that could not be used with the usual jetways. You were required to climb a stairway to board onto the plane.
Flight to Bermuda,"Our actual flight to Bermuda was fine on Jet Blue, however, we sat on the plane for over 2 hours. After we boarded the plane, we were told that the plan had been to redirect us to Virginia due to bad weather in Bermuda. We thought this was odd since we never received a message"
Upgrade worth it,Both depart and return flights went well left on time. The service was good as expected. Nothing unique compared to some other airlines in its class. I upgraded our seats in both directions cost my $70 er person each way I took a carry on saved a bit there. The upgrade although
"One Up, One Down","JetBlue to Aruba is nonstop! The fun begins when leaving Boston in January in flip flops and shorts. JetBlue is flawless about letting travelers know of any delays, I have never gone to the airport and had to wait, their notification comes a day or two beforehand. Weather can"
Awesome trip!,"Flew between the U.S. and Jamaica. JetBlue employees are pleasant, efficient and always helpful. Had zero issues. Love flying with JetBlue."
Wonderful airline,"My husband and I love JetBlue. The plane was clean, staff very helpful and courteous. We choose Blue Plus because we have more leg room. The added bonus of a movie screen made the flight very pleasant."
Great trip!,"It was our first time flying with this airline, but we were impressed. Everything was on time, and I had lots of leg room! The snacks and drinks were great, and the flight was smooth. Glad I took a chance on flying with this airline!"
Mint Service,I had read about JetBlue's Mint service. I was not disappointed. We had two very attentive flight attendances. The food was good but a bit unusual. That is not uncommon for JetBlue. The seats fully reclined and the entertainment choices were very good. We received our
In transit to bahamas,"The service was great, flight was on time and very comfortable. Snacks are delicious especially the Terra chips."
Very Good Service,"Excellent service, clean airplane, Life TV is a nice touch. I find JetBlue to be the best domestic carrier in the US and will lean towards flying with them every time. Also terminal C in logan has a nice play area for the kids."
Excellent airline!,"We had great flights. The airplane was clean, roomy enough (and better than many) and friendly staff. Even when our return flight was delayed (not the airline's fault) they kept us apprised at all times and got us out even earlier than anticipated. Will fly JetBlue again!"
Great Service,"I do not like to fly so the anxiety I experience is more than someone who enjoys flying. The service and flights were great. Attendants were pleasant and helpful, Captains kept us informed of turbulence, etc. A good overall experience for a nervous flyer which I never mentioned"
jetBlue is my airline of choice,Overall a good experience. However we were in row 5 and they had already run out of chardonnay white wine. Which I found ironic since jetBlue was toting how they carried some new brand of wine that everyone was going to love. They should be better about restocking their planes.
Disappointed,I had an accident and fell injuring my knee on an escalator. I was seen by paramedics at Harrahs Casino on Monday April 15th. I had a gash in my knee and foot and had trouble walking. I had extreme difficulty getting to my flight on time. I showed up at the airport to catch a
JB Baggage & Boarding,"I like flying JetBlue...I typically get the extra space..they have friendly service with actual food and the tv's put them over the top. What I am questioning is the baggage fee. I get it, the ticket prices are lower and then you have to pay to have your bags checked..BUT if"
"Some Hiccups, Service Great Overall","After flying American Airlines for the last two trips to Orlando, we decided to give JetBlue a try based on their track record with individuals on the Autism Spectrum. While we had no issues with American Airlines, we felt more comfortable from what we read with JetBlue. Our"
Good Flight. TVs need updating.,The red eye flight is perfect. Leaves Reno at 11:40pm and gets you back to New York at about 8:00am in the morning. The flight and service was great for the most part. But I was told that they're only given about 5-6 of the sandwiches listed on the meal menu for a packed flight
Fantastic!,"Went to New York and back with Jetblue in Mint class and I'm impressed. I don't know of any American or European airline that comes even close to the level of service and attention to detail provided. Seats are comfy, nice inflight entertainment with the ability to stream Amazon"
Spring Break,"Love direct flights!! Quick security check in JAX even with the lines, good flights. Flight crew helpful, no complaints. Great free TV, movies,soda/water and snacks. Dont need anything else. Late leaving JAX but they made up the time."
Excellent flight as always on Jetblue!,JetBlue as usual was a great flight experience. The staff begins preboarding early enough to ensure no delays in boarding. Once in flight great legroom and ride in the air. Best of all. Direct flight! No stops.
Easy flight to and fro,"My wife and I had a good flight to Savannah and back, the only reason I didn't give a perfect score was because the flight was delayed but not that long. Both flights were smooth and we took advantage of the more room seats on the way back. Liked the WiFly and happy to have a"
Wonderful Airline,"We always fly Jet Blue and have never had a bad experience. This flight was no exception. They are always friendly and the seats are pretty comfortable. Plus, you get tv and great snacks!"
Consistently most legroom,"I always try to fly JetBlue - most legroom, pleasant attendants. I paid for extra legroom but didn’t need it. My one quibble is that they overdo the late announcements - on more than one occasion, a got a delay announcement when the plane actually wasn’t late!"
Great updated and modernized airplanes,JetBlue has new planes that exude many of the modern conveniences and comforts that travellers want. Really great flight crew on board. Seats very comfortable and excessively roomy with a new entertainment systerm per seat. They even have a free vending machine for additional
Vacation to. Nassau,"I flew on jet blue quite a number of times and have always had a great experience, the flight crew has always been so nice and the ease of boarding the plane. I have always had a great experience. I wish though on the morning flights there were donuts and bagels."
Mr. & Mrs powell,This was my first international flight with Jet blue. The crew was excellent. The only draw back is no free baggage check on. The flight was on time. The bottom line is getting where you going on time and that Jet blue surely delivers for me. The 5am flight it's the best.
New Default Choice Airline,"First time flying JetBlue. Have flown the other well known low cost airline many times. JetBlue service and amenities are far better. More legroom! After initial snack and beverage service, help yourself to snacks and beverages. Wow, hot towelettes at the end of flight! Very"
Easy Flight,"Non-stop flight from Boston to Phoenix round trip. Flights were on time. Full cabin. Flight attendants were professional, courteous and accommodating. Even though regular seats [not extra room] seats were comfortable. Cabin service included soft drinks, coffee, and snacks."
evening flight from Aruba to Boston,"As seems to be customary, we were delayed leaving Aruba. Once on the flight, the service was fine, and the seatback entertainment worked perfectly ( this is not always the case)."
Flight to NYC,"Have to say I was extremely pleasantly surprised here. I was told by a friend that these were more of a budget airline, but I have to say everything about it was great. Service, comfortable seats and we actually arrived. If only our budget airlines were this good"
Pleasantly surprised,"I was totally impressed with this airline from the check in, to the aircraft and the crew. The meals and entertainment were all wonderful. Sadly, I was delayed 4 hrs and nearly missed an international connection, and they didn't brief me on having to leave the terminal to go to"
Effiecient & comfortable as always,Jet Blue is always comfortable and time-efficient. The only snag on this trip was a half hour delay before takeoff. It seems that they couldn't get one of the restroom doors to close. By regulation the pilot was not allowed to fly until they could find a maintenance crew to come
Nocturnal flight,"Been at Boston flying in JetBlue was good experience, the return flight was better, than the initial since in that way the time waiting was more than 3 although they changed the time 2 months before. The service was good, but they only accepted credit cards, not cash. The sits"
Excellent Flight,"Extremely great service, the flight attendants where amazing and very friendly. The pilot was awesome!! Smoothest flight ever!!"
Nice flight,"we booked this flight a couple of months ago while JetBlue was having a special deal. this was a nice flight, they said the tvs were not going to work but they worked fine when we got on the plane. we were near the back of the plane, everything worked, pleasant flight"
Flight from Punta Cana,"Jet Blue continues ro impress my wife and me. We hope they start service to Europe sometime in the near future. The only complaint is that they do not let one make reservations in the distant future. We like to plan ahead and reserve hotel and airline, but can only reserve"
Amazing experience !,"We had our flight cancelled through spirit so we booked a new flight with jet blue. We had such a great experience with them. Comfortable seats, great leg room, lots of channels to watch, free wifi, free snacks and drinks ( non alcoholic) and the staff was very friendly. We had"
Travel,"JetBlue continues to soar in Air travel, providing service at an exceptional experience. Having traveled with this Airline for a number of years, it's been an opportunity to experience flying this airline in comparison to driving a Volvo XC 90. I know others would agree. The"
Surprised a friend,I have traveled on Jet Blue for many years. This trip I had to convince a friend that Jet Blue was the best as far as price and room in economy class. She had a large backpack that traditionally takes up all the pace under her seat. She gave me a huge smile when she realized
JetBlue to Jamaica,First time flying JetBlue and was impressed with the service including the friendly staff at the check in counters in all locations. The planes themselves are awesome. The self serve snacks was a plus as its the little things that keep you coming back. I will definatley fly
A basic flight,"The only one airline with a direct flight from Cancun to Orlando, has a basic service, The personnel in charge on land is not enough for the requirements of the travelers."
Love JetBlue but Hate the Recent Changes,I fly JetBlue all the time - it's my preferred airline and I always take it when I can for business. But two changes to the airline are the reason I'm not giving it 5 stars. 1st - I used to really prefer the way they boarded the plane. After all the specialty groups - they
Jacksonville to JFK 12/17/18 11:03 am,This was as seamless as Flight #677 from JFK a few days before. Flight attendants are always pleasant and helpful.
Only complaint was the headphones didn't work,The flight was smooth and on time which is really all that matters. The attendants both at the gate and on the flight were very nice and helpful. My only complaint was that my headphone jack did not work at all. I flew the same airline home and it worked in that seat but not
THE WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!,"The long trip to Manila should have started with JetBlue Airways in Jacksonville, Florida. I have excess baggage that Larry and Mikayla were charging me $800 or I cannot get in the plane. All I have to do is get 2 lbs worth of items in one suitcase and put it in the other"
Terrible JetBlue!!!!!!!!!!!!!,My wife waited over 8 hours at Fll airport for a flight for a flight which kept being delayed.... the flight originally scheduled for 1100 am eventually left at 630 pm and JetBlue had the the nerve to say my wife missed her flight because she didn’t wait any longer for an 8 hour
Get flight,"Excellent service, flight, snacks. Inflight entertainment was great. Flight crew were helpful and friendly."
"JetBlue always delays, cancels flights, and it’s the worst airline of 2018. What’s wrong with JetBlue?",JetBlue lately has been delaying flights for the past 3 years. Every time I go to a JetBlue flight it gets delayed and I waste a day from seeing my family every time I go to PR. Back in 2015 it was my favorite and one of the best airlines in the US. But now they delay flights
JetBlue is just better,I fkew delta out west and JetBlue home. I would Take JetBlue over delta every time but I had No choice in the flights I needed. The Delta plane was so claustrophobic that I nearly had a panic attack! JetBlue is very smart to have no first class so that it can build room in to
Worst website,I am a frequent flyer for JetBlue travels every weekend from Jax to Boston. I love their service and quality of the flights. But I think they should keep an eye on their online site. It is one of the worst websites and doesn't make any sense. They won't allow using the last
"Don't count on JetBlue Mint - Paid double, got coach","Was looking forward to first class service when i splurged on Mint for my family of 4 on our recent vacation, traveling from New York to Barbados. After paying double, for Mint 6 months in advance. I went to check in for our flight a day ahead, and was shocked to find we had"
Very pleased with Jet Blue,4/16/19; I tried Jet Blue to St. Maarten and was very happy with the price and flight. I live near Daytona Beach so decided to drive to FLL for a 7:58 AM flight and parked at a Self Park near the airport. The flight was on time leaving and arriving. I strongly recommend Jet Blue
Massive mistakes and terrible customer service,Here is a little story of our epicly terrible day with jet blue. Ok 1st our flight was delayed in costa rica and when we finally arrived in fort Lauderdale jetblue was of no help and we had about an hour to get our bags (then hike to the terminal and check our bags as the
Great Flight!,"The ability to fly via Red Eye is still valued for scheduling purposes. The pilots and entire staff were very accommodating, and the leg room/seat size helps make the experience pleasant."
computers down,"We flew out Monday morning, delayed 1 1/2 hours due to Jet blue computer problems. No other explanation by the Airline"
JetBlue rebooked connecting flights,JetBlue rebooked us on connecting flights back to Boston when the our original flight out of Montego Bay was delayed and we would not have made our original scheduled connection. We cleared customs and immigration in New York and arrived back in Boston within 30 minutes of our
Great flight from Nashville,"This trip was not sold out, (we always sit on the aisles) and we each had an empty seat next to us. The flight arrived an hour before it was due. Everything worked out well, including our luggage pick-up"
Cancelled our flight and left us without a connector on vacation,Do not book your flight with Jet Blue with any connector with one of their partner airlines. We booked through JetBlue and Silver Airways to go to Bimini. Jet Blue cancelled out first flight to Ft. Lauderdale and never rebooked our connector. It was a mess. We missed two days of
JetBlue came through,"Due to heavy thunder and rain storms, all JetBlue flights between Ft. Meyers and Boston were delayed significantly. Our 7:30 PM flight was delayed to 11 PM, possibly longer since there were multiple delayed flights in the queue from the same gate. Long story short, a pleasant"
Stick with DELTA!,"Worst airline when it comes to the most important, being on time. Always delayed, 90% of my flights are delayed and I fly every two weeks on business. The times I’ve used delta de only delays were due to snow nothing else. This crappy airline will delay for reasons such as"
TRASH AIRLINE!!!,Our original flight was scheduled at 7:48pm and due to weather conditions it was delayed to 10pm then it went back to 8pm then back to 10pm. We waited and then it was delayed to 1am. Then came 1am where the flight was cancelled due to no pilots being available. First of all how
I had no idea JETBLUE SUCKS SO BAD !!,"They delayed our flight 7 times between 7pm and 11pm only to cancel it with no explanation. There were no JetBlue agents at the airport any more, there was no communication from JetBlue as to what to do and wait times on the phone were 30min +. If you had had advance notice"
Flight,"I flew on Jet Blue the weekend of April 5. My flight was great! It left on time, arrived early, and went very smoothly. The attendants were very accommodating and friendly. I love the tv on the back of the seats! This is my favorite airline!"
On time and nice flight,Recently flew from hpn airport to pbi airport for business on Jet Blue. The departure and arrival was on time and an comfortable flight. No issues and the baggage was at the carrousel by the time I got to it. When ever I have to travel to West Palm I try to take Jet Blue
"Comfortable, Clean & Plenty of Entertainment Options",Jetblue has very comfortable and spacious seating and they have T.V.'s with direct TV and Music Channels. All you need is a pair of earbuds or they cost $5 or $6 to buy from them on board. They also have free inflight wifi which was frickin awesome! I was able to send e-mails
On time and on a newer model jet.,Boarding area is kind of tight in Terminal 5 but the process went well. Flight attendants are friendly and efficient and get the plane boarded and out of the gate.
"On time, very good service on a newer plane.","Boarding is a little hectic on Jet Blue, plane was a newer model and the in flight entertainment kept me busy. Flight attendants were friendly and efficient."
Nothing to eat!,We left our hotel in Las Vegas at 4.15 am to catch a 6am flight to New York. Due to the early hour we didnt get anything to eat in Vegas thinking we would eat on the flight - wrong! There was no breakfast served on this flight and after looking at the menu available for
JetBlue Fan for life,"Flight got off the ground late due to the tardiness of a crew member, but after their arrival the crew swiftly boarded the flight and we were on our way. JetBlue crew are all professionals I’m in love with this airline. Spacious and comfortable seating even if I’m in row 24, "
Dishonesty & Unprofessionalism,"So get this.... Upon arrival to Orlando for a connecting flight to Boston, i'm told by the JetBlue staff that our flight is delayed 5 1/2 hrs. due to weather and we'd be arriving in Boston at 3AM. I watched a number of families w/small children (Disney) rebook their flights"
JetBlue,JetBlue always has excellent service and very accommodating. Prices very reasonable. Never had a problem with this airline
2 hours on tarmac,"We were excited to get a direct flight to the DR from Boston for our 20th anniversary vacation. Once on the plane, there was a problem with the computer that had something to do with the plane backing up. They kept updating the departure time. It ended up being 2 hours before"
Poor Customer Service,Flight was on time leaving and delayed on the return but that’s no concern of mine. The staff onboard both flights have forgotten why they are employed by JetBlue. They are there for customer service. To assist passengers with whatever they may need help with. I spent both
Second time,"After 2 days in NY, I had to fly back to Curacao. Check in was a mess. Too many people who did not know what to do as it is a different system than other contries, so more guidance is needed. The customer service was not that friendly there, however once I checked in, boarding,"
First time with JB.,"First flight with JetBlue. Very good and clean airplane. Check in was ok and nice. Service on the plane could have been better. I asked for coffee and had only half cup. Even I was later offered more, but it was too late then."
Seamless.,"Flew Jet Blue from LAX and SFO to ISP. Wonderful clean and relatively new planes. Friendly and helpful flight attendants. On my SFO leg, I actually had a pilot that came into the plane before we left, introduced himself and told us a little of what to expect on the flight!! "
jetBlue Anytime You Can!,"We fly jetBlue whenever possible. The service on the ground and in the air is usually exemplary. Our only issue with the airline is we wish there were more direct flights to Europe and other destinations in the lower 48. We usually get the ""even more legroom"" seats for comfort"
Jet Blue: My Airline of Choice,"I am a frequent flyer and have experience on most major airlines. Jet Blue has become my favorite airline. The trip that I am reviewing is a round trip from Fort Lauderdale to Grand Cayman. It is wonderful to have a direct flight to the Caymans, so I was delighted to find"
Always a great flight,"Whenever I can, I travel with JetBlue. I recently flew from Boston to Ft. Lauderdale. My flight was perfect. The attendants, along with the a smooth ride made my flying experience pleasurable. My original plan was to try to fly to Florida keys but prices were too high so we"
Very warm 3 hour wait was not their fault.,St. Thomas is continuing to try to recover from 200 mph winds from Maria two years ago. The airport is trying hard.
JetBlue out of Long Beach is the bomb,"JetBlue is a good airline. Nice equipment, DIRECTV on every flight, friendly staff. Long Beach airport is a great airport to fly in and out of. They only have about 10 gates. Because they load the passengers on the tarmac they load both the front and the rear. They also"
Jet Blue to Paradise,"What a welcome change. We’ve been flying low cost airlines ie: Frontier, Spirit for the price but how you give up leg room and simple conveniences. We stretched out with a choice Direct TV and recent movies. The 4 1/2 hour flight went by quickly. The Pilots were friendly and"
Non-stop Flight,"Easiest trip to Aruba non stop on JetBlue. Flight was a little over 4 hours, straight thru and pretty smooth on the way down. We did have a little turbulence on the return flight but the staff was great and very funny."
Favorite Airline,"Hello if you’ve ever heard any horror stories about flying, I doubt it was JetBlue. I love flying JetBlue everyone from the boarding process to the pilots are very professional and courteous. You are never made to feel anything but special no matter what class you are flying in."
Great flight,JetBlue is without a doubt my favorite airline. They have the most legroom of any airline that I have flown probably ever. The staff is always cheerful and helpful. The actually give you a whole can of soda and a choice of snacks. Although I didn't actually try one the food
JetBlue Getaways,"I am writing this review to share my unpleasant experience with JetBlue Getaways. I booked a trip to Curacao, where I would be staying at the Renaissance Curacao Resort and Casino. When I called the hotel to make an upgrade to my reservation they had informed be that there was"
Used to be much better,When JetBlue first started I really enjoyed flying with them. Currently I'm flying back and forth a lot more between the NE and Florida and I've noticed that the aircraft just don't seem as clean or as in good condition as they used to be. Clearly the airline flys the hell out
Excellent service,"They were delayed, but kept us updated early enough and all the time via email and at the airport. We didn’t book together but they gave us seats together, even if they were the exit seats with more room which is usually way more expensive. Everyone was super friendly and we"
New favorite!,"Wonderful flight! Plenty of space, individual TV screens, and top quality refreshments! And no extra cost to choose your seat! I've always heard Delta was the best, but they must not have tried JetBlue!"
Still my favorite airline to fly,"From time to time I pick another airline to fly due to a slight pricing advantage but always end up feeling let down by the plane quality, amenities and legroom. JetBlue seems the most consistent among them all."
Great flight!,"JetBlue is the most accommodating flight that i have been to, the seats were clean, and I truly enjoyed the flight's in services."
Always Amazing,JetBlue service has always been spectacular and this flight was no different. The variety of snacks on board as well as drinks is pretty amazing! The in-flight entertainment was awesome as well. I love the free fly-fi!
Reliable and economical,My choice of airlines when I go to New York. I get my non-stop flight at a reasonable price and the dependable service I’ve come to expect.
Week day visit for Kids,The plane was very much new so very clean. Depart on time and arrive a bit ahead but taxing took a bit but still was on time. This was my first experience with JetBlue. Service was far better than United and AAA. I think it is the best among the major airline companies. Legroom
OMG! AGAIN?,"WTHell is up with JetBlue lately? I mean, in the past year and half EVERY flight I've been on has boarded late. Extended delays are SO FRUSTRATING. And airports are NOT the most comfortable places to hang out. I'm sick of waiting!!!!! It's all about the $$$ (which doesn't"
Best Experiences,"We have always been very pleased with Jet Blue- roomier seats and leg space, easy check-in, great service. But now we must complain that Jet Blue has ceased arriving at IAD, our home airport. Every flight to Boston or the west coast that we took was full - why Jet Blue did"
Vacation From Hell,"I booked a vacation package with my daughter when we arrived we saw a filthy , mildew run down hotel without lights for our stay ! We immediately contacted Jet Blue we were given a $ 25 credit each & told to book another hotel room elsewhere . Rather then being on the street"
Best cross country air carrier!!!,"Though there are a lot of air carriers with cross country routes, JetBlue is the best and most affordable out there. Can’t beat unlimited free drinks and snacks all flight long, flight crew always attentive and professional, and flights from point A to point B are always"
Never got to fly because of bad advise on live chat,was given very bad advise 're transit visas / permits and when I arrived at airport was not allowed to fly as didn't have the paperwork for transit . nobody was helpful at all so missed flight and connecting flight and over £1000 . left stranded with 3 year old . not happy .
Off to KW,Great flight. Direct at that time of year is perfect. Clean and affordable. Enjoy flying with JetBlue
Is This Any Way to Run an Airline?,"On my flight, they must have been short of help. The in flight service was not good. A flight attendant cam through very quickly Selling blankets and ear phones. Later another one comes buy with free drinks. I tell her that I would like to buy some food. She tells me that"
was a good experience all around from ground people to flight crew..,the crew was great..flight uneventful...gf had a injured knee and they took good care of her...ice and concern helped to make her at ease for the flight
Best Flying !,"I have been flying with with Jetblue since 2002 with kids, alone... They are the very best. Once I messed my flying date and showed up the day after. They were so nice and I was able to fly back home without any penalties. What other airline would do that for you?"
Great Trip,"Went for vacation. Been a long time since I flied. I don't like how cheap the airlines have gotten. However, I was pleasantly suprised with JetBlue. Free full size cans of soda. Free snacks. Pleasant staff. Flight left Raleigh on time. Delayed several hours in Ft."
Sad decline of what once was a great airline,Booked a direct Jet Blue based on great service many years ago. Only after getting a 3:41 flight delayed to 7pm did I check official FAA on time performance. Their last place! All 3 flight attendants got sick and new ones needed to be brought in from Tampa? A little research
Terrible handling of baggage,"This is the first time my wife and I have flown JetBlue and to say the least was not pleased once I received my baggage from baggage claim. Upon lifting the baggage from the terminal, I noticed that my large case had a front pocket open. I looked further, and noticed that both"
Jet Blue,"Found everything to pleasant, comfortable and good selection of movies. On time going and coming back. Attendants were friendly and accommodating. I’ve flown JB many times direct to Cayman Islands over the last 10 years and have had good experiences each time. I will choose"
New JetBlue fan..,"Good service, good flights, friendly & informative crew. Seems very organized. A former fan of Southwest but I think I will be doing JetBlue from now on this was my second RT flight with them. Entire fleet are new Airbus or Embraer..I'm sold"
"Great flight, inflight TVs were not working, n","I fly JetBlue a lot. It was another great flight. Staff were friendly, Took off on time & landed in San Juan early, it was a great experience. Only problem was the TVs were not working, kept going on & off. But other than that I 100% recommend JetBlue."
Smooth ride,"Great airplane trip with a smooth ride. Staff at terminal and on plane were extremely courteous and accommodating. I was able to move around on plane quite frequently. Experience was uneventful. Although it was a 6 hour plane trip, it felt much shorter. California is a great"
Paris to Lisbon,"Very good airline - no frills - straight forward about what they offer and what you can expect. Boarding process was easy and not conjested like some airlines. They board and exit from the front and back of the plane when possible. Baggage limitations apply, so make sure your"
JetBlue does it right!,Always a pleasure flying JetBlue! Ground staff at Bermuda airport were terrific. Very helpful with boarding passes and checking earlier options for our next connection. I appreciate that little bit of extra seat room and the snacks provided. Love terminal 5 at JFK. All
Perfect,This Airline is the only one that offers a carry on for no additional fee. The staff is friendly and you get free WiFi and a snack.
Excellent experience!,"Our family got a stomach virus while on vacation to Texas and we missed her original flights. They were unfortunately non-changeable, not matter what. I bought them through CheapOair. So at the last minute, I had to borrow money from my parents, even though I'm an old lady"
Late departure,"Flight was 50 minutes late leaving. Full flight. Upon arrival, passengers were asked to wait to deplane so passengers in the rear of the plane could get off to make connections to NYC. Why didn't they just fly from SRQ to NYC??"
JetBlue works well enough,"I always get the extra leg room seats - it provides much more leg room than Delta Comfort plus seats. Flight attendants are typically very friendly. The seats themselves were not comfortable - they didn't fit my body well. Also, it would be nice if they had adjustable"
My GO TO Airline,"I LOVE THIS AIRLINE! JetBlue crew seem as if they really like their job and always make me feel welcome. My husband and I fly to NYC and Boston a couple of times a year and you cannot beat the MINT service on JetBlue. Super comfortable seats, good food and great service for half"
Lots of leg room and a quality free snack!,"I chose to fly JetBlue to/from Florida instead of my usual choice due to lots of flight options. Outbound, I was pleasantly surprised at the newly renovated JetBlue section of Terminal A in Newark, and it was easy to find healthy breakfast options. My outbound flight was an"
What Happened to this Airline!,The airplane seemed rundown and the crew unhelpful. Our son flew a separate flight on JetBlue 2 days later to meet us in Boston to run the marathon. His flight was diverted from NY to Chicago for a medical emergency. So he missed his connecting flight in New York and JetBlue did
Small airline,"The staff at JetBlue were fantastic , always helpful and smiling. The problem is.... There was not enough staff. We flew from Jamaica to Ft Lauderdale - flight delayed due to staffing issues. Then from Ft Lauderdale to Cleveland- flight cancelled apparently due to weather out of"
Not our first trip,"Very friendly check in svc , needed special attention for my baggage they made sure my package was well padded and protected."
seamless,"Flight was on time and was a smooth flight to Aruba. I would suggest getting something to eat before boarding the plane, as sandwiches are pricey. Free movies are a bonus, but bring your own ear buds, as they are $5.00 to purchase."
JETBLUE USED TO BE DIFFERENT,"JetBlue used to stand out among airlines in quality and service. Now it has become one of the worst. My flight was delayed 6 hours this time, and we were merely shuffled around like chattel. This is not the first time, and I now plan to avoid JetBlue whenever I can."
Very subpar experience flying south,"Jet Blue has always been a decent, dependable flight service, not this time. Staff onboard was very quick and being one of the only ones who spoke solely English, it was very difficult to communicate even with staff. That is not the issue however. The issue was being passed"
First direct flight to PSP - so fun!,"What I didn't realize is that this was JetBlue's inaugural BOS > PSP nonstop flight - and they made it count! With a ribbon cutting ceremony at the gate, date smoothies, in-flight seat bingo, and goodie bags + cookies when we landed, JetBlue made sure we had an extra-special"
Superb Departure Terminal,"While construction is going on at JetBlue's usual terminal, Terminal B, at LaGuardia Airport in NYC, Jet Blue is using the Marine Air Terminal (MAT) nearby. It's fantastic! JetBlue is the only airline using that terminal so the lines are minimal. Recently, we had a mid-day,"
True to the blue,JetBlue is my go to airline. The flights pretty much run on time. The crew is always friendly and their boarding process is the best. Extra leg room is an excellent feature
Great Flight,This is the second trip we took using Jet Blue. The ease of purchasing tickets online was incredible. The check in process via the email they send is so convenient. I like the video screen each seat has. I also like the in air flight tracker that shows where you are.
"Easy, efficient flying","In both directions, flight left on time with most pleasant attendants serving to greet and help passengers. Legroom was quite comfortable. Snacks offered were a welcome change from most here's a cookie offers. Most importantly, the flights were on time one way and early on the"
Awesome,"First time for everything and I decided to try Jet Blue. I have to say, well worth every penny. I’m a tall guy, so things are always snug on any airline, but the rest of my party was great with the room they had. Staff at the airport along with flight crews were professional and"
Only JetBlue,"You can't go wrong with JetBlue. They typically overestimate the departure time and arrival time, so you never feel like they are late. In this case, it works for most, even for late arrivers because they seem to seal the doors only after each passenger has reported to the"
JetBlue makes me happy,"I upgraded at time of booking to their ‘Blue Plus’ fare, so luggage, more space and quicker boarding times were included. I just love the service. The smiles and what seem to be happy employees. The snacks are great, the purchase options are also tasty. Also: free in-flight"
Great flight,The Staff was super courteous and friendly I would definitely fly jet blue again I highly recommend it.
Great Airline,"JetBlue is a great airline. I literally fly JetBlue for the legroom and the free movies. What I will say is ALL of the JetBlue planes should have the touchscreen choice of movies. Some of their planes have the free movies but you don't get to choose. it's channel 39, 40, and"
Great Airline,"I have taken JetBlue on approx. 15 legs of business trips this year. I switched from SW for 2 reasons, they became unreliable with missing mechanics and their customer service department don’t want to hear your complaint and make it right. So it’s been JetBlue for 5 months and"
Love the inflight entertainment,Always a pleasure to fly JetBlue with their great entertainment choices. Never had any major problems flying this airline and would recommend to all.
Never dissatisfied,"This is my go-to airline because I feel I get so much for the cost. Comfortable seats, snacks and tv. The staff is always pleasant and helpful."
Nice flight!,"I recently flew in Jetblue, it was a non stop flight, it was on time in both ways, the seats were comfortable and feels you have more space than seats in other airlines. I checked bags snd I was surprised the fee per bag was higher in my way back because the taxes that were"
Never a Bad Experience,"Again, a very good experience. I have never had a bad experience with JetBlue. The airline personnel have always been professional, polite, and very helpful. The flights almost always leave and arrive on time or earlier. I'm to the point where I will go out of my way to fly"
Good Per Usual,"We always try to fly JetBlue whenever possible. The service is always great, there are free snacks and drinks. Since we flew out of a small airport we were on a smaller plain so several people had to check their bags since it was a full flight. We did have an issue that none of"
Panic Attack. Got Helped By The Best!,"I was having a panic attack during a flight with jetBlue Airways and a flight attendant called Nik (or something like that) helped me to deal with it. She sat down by my side, took the time to make me calm and explained why the airplane was safe, explained every single part of"
First time flying JETBLUE and pleasantly surprised!,"This was my first time flying a Jetblue and I’ll admit I was a little hesitant. However, we wanted a direct flight from San Diego into Fort Lauderdale and most airlines we use, had layovers. I do not enjoy flying, so direct is always my first choice. After researching our"
Early both ways,"Departing from Hartford the flight crew seems eager to take advantage of light traffic and pushed off from the gate quickly. We arrived at Fort Myers about 20 minutes ahead of schedule. On the return flight the infotainment system was down, which we got $15 credits for, so I"
Not bad for first roundtrip to NYC,"They weren't kidding about the extra leg room! Entertainment was great, as they had the latest movies to watch. I took a red-eye so I decided to sleep through the flight. I wish the seats on this particular flight could've been a little more cushion-y, but nevertheless-- take"
Trip to Charleston,"As always - staff is courteous, boarding is efficient, staff at the counter was very helpful with bags and check-in."
Spring Break Vacation,Flight was quick and smooth en route to Cancun. Flight attendants were helpful and customer service was exceptional. On the return flight we experienced two delays but that was due to unforeseen circumstances out of the control of the employees.
No other way to fly!,Great trip; plenty of leg room; no issues on flight. My son and husband's second trip (first flight was on April 5 to Boston) They loved it. We'll be back with Jetblue!
Good Prices and Good Service,This trip was a pleasant experience. The snacks and service were great. Jet Blue is my airline of choice!
JetBlue newbie,Pleasantly surprised with the comfort of the seats. My 6’4” husband had no issues ina regular seat. I usually try to get the emergency aisle but not necessary on this airline. The employees were all professional on the ground in both Newark and West Palm and in the air for both
Great airline,This trip was the first time I flew on JetBlue and it was a wonderful experience. All of the staff were pleasant and the amount of room for each seat made the 5 hour flight very enjoyable. I can’t believe I didn’t fly this airline previously
Pleasant flying experience,Great flight with very good service from all the employees from check in to the flight. Would recommend Jet Blue to anyone.
"Great flight, seats are roomy and comfortable","As usual Jetblue does a great job with keeping the planes clean, and seats comfortable. Based on other airlines Jetblue, although hey have their problems, still a far better then the competitors especially with on time arrivals and departures."
Jet Blue - Airbus with Mint (Jet Blue 1st Class),"Jet Blue was built on equipment with only 1 class which left plenty of overhead bins for all passengers. The redesigned jets with their ""Mint Class"" eleminate many of the overhead bins for the passengers that built this airline! This is not right and I will avoid flying Jet"
Great service prior and during the flight.,"Easy to use booking website, immediate information that our flight was changed to 15min earlier. Extra legroom seats are really EXTRA legroom seats, very comfortable, very much legroom. Unlimited drinks and snacks onboard, very clean airplane, very friendly staff. Ground staff"
LOVE JetBlue,"Love Jetblue, I try to ONLY fly with them. There customer service is over the top, their place are comfortable ... there is nothing I can say other than they are the only airline for me."
Oops!! We were told..,"They checked my wife hand held luggage, having announced it prior boarding. As we walked into the plane toward our seats, we saw a lot of empty overhead bins.....even being on the last group boarding!!! What about doing their job and making sure that people do not board with"
Great service,"On our return from cuba checked in at Jose Marti , I asked where I could exchange pesos they asked us how much I had 150 my granddaughter had 100 they exchanged the money for USD right at the counter that's service above and beyond well done."
"Reliable quiet flights, minor delays",Flight departed and arrived with only minor delays. Both my departing (evening) and returning (redeye) flights were quiet and allowed for better sleep than most. Planes were a little on the older side but wifi worked reasonably well.
JetBlue,The airline crew = Awesome Snacks= Good Leg space= Good and Comfortable Delays = For my trip there was nothing to complain about Landing and takeoff = Great Liked the free wifi All luggage intact Good entertainment collection (bring your own headphones) Airline award points can
I love flying Jetblue.,"The people working for Jetblue are super nice and the in flight entertainment coupled with larger seats, complimentary drinks and snacks make this a got to airline."
Good airline but treats takeoff times as a mere estimate,I'm on yet another JetBlue delay. No explanation why. I fly this airline extensively and am mosaic (their elite status). I generally like this airline and they have great seat room. Attendants are usually nice but I rarely takeoff on time with this airline. I just went back
Should be booking this for all your transcontinental flights,"The Flight attendants are very nice and as you sit down, a pretty comfy leather economy chair, the folding headrest, and a very nice seat pocket. And they provide you with eggmasks and earplugs for sleeping. 1) After takeoff, the cabin crew comes with a cart to sells you"
Great!,"Other than delays (less than 2 hours) the flights, and crew were fantastic! Friendly, talkative, and helpful! We love JetBlue!"
JetBlue gate person,I was out seeing family and was returning home. I met KC at the counter and he was fantastic. Then it went down hill. I had an issue with my mosaic number and asked Sadie at the gate for help and she looked up my number and could not find it. I showed her my mosaic tag and asked
"First Time, Won't Be The Last...","Never flown JetBlue before, but took a cross country flight out to LA. Efficient Boarding, courteous service. Surprisingly comfortable seating considering it was your basic economy booking. Great entertainment options (live TV, movies, music) that made the long flight much"
"Disgusting bathroom, dirty and unmaintained interior","Dirtiest, most disgusting bathroom ever! The cabin area wasn't much better. See photo. What's the problem, JB?"
New to JetBlue,"Just used them for the first time, round trip from ATL to JFK. I am 6'2"" and am very happy with the extra legroom and the video screen on the seat back. The staff on both legs were great and provided good service."
Great Flight' although Delayed,"OK, so this is the red-eye from Orlando to Aguadilla - but it is so convienient for us. We go to Rincon, and flying into SJU makes a long drive to Rincon - although we can arrive at a civilized hour in SJU. Jet Blue is a terriffic airline. Fair prices, fantastic ground and"
Wonderful Crew,"After an amazing time in the Caribbean, and South Florida it was time to head back to the New York City Metropolitan Area. After having an absolutely incredible outbound flight, I was so excited to be traveling with JetBlue back home. I arrived at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood"
Absolutely Incredible Flight,"For a solo vacation to Fort Lauderdale, and Grand Bahama Island, I decided to travel with JetBlue. I have previously had amazing experiences with JetBlue, but have also had some negative ones. I was so happy I decided to travel with JetBlue again and found each and every single"
Domestic Flight was just as good as international flight,"This was our second flight on Jet Blue. Our first was to Grenada an international destination. After I planned our flight to Fort Lauderdale, I was a anxious to see if a domestic flight would be as good as an international flight since on some airlines the difference is"
The most comfortable flight I have ever taken,"Hands down, JetBlue was the most comfortable and relaxing flight I have ever taken. There was more seat space, and more leg room than any other summer oak flight I have been on. I used to fly either Alaska or Southwest but now that I have used JetBlue, they will always be my"
"Without Mint Class, it is just ""meh""","While we adore JetBlue's Mint Class, I realized after this flight that flying JetBlue on one of their older, Mint-free jets is just not a very comfortable experience. Despite buying the most expensive seats available (most legroom) the seats are so narrow that a normal sized man"
The worst customer/ careless attitude,"Angel and Joseph are the worst flight attendants I have ever encounter with Jet Blue. Our seats were so dirty and trash in the pockets of our front seats and when we addressed it to Angel, he seemed bothered that we asked him to remove it. Joseph was careless that my wife and I"
Great experience,"We took an 8:00 pm flight to avoid the crowds and have less stress in both ends. Both were achieved. Boarding on time, smooth flight, landed early and bags were right there."
Typical JetBlue experience - VERY GOOD,Flying is not high on my hit list; a necessary means of getting from point A to B. JetBlue does it very well and their body of work is excellent.
Better late than never,I frequently travel for work and have been flying on JetBlue. My experience with this airline is they are almost always late (3 weeks in a row) - more often than not for mechanical failures. Stay far away - they basically do nothing to make it right and while they get you to
Extra leg does no longer exist,"I truly loved flying JetBlue but, ever since they decided to cramp in more passengers in order to make more money, I've always been flying very uncomfortable. I'm 6' 5"" and 275 lbs and flying in those cramped spaces puts a hurting toll on my knee that was recently replaced. I"
Girls trip,"Went with my friend to head to a bachelorette weekend in Bahamas (see Palm Cay review). The flight was fun. Good movie, cheese and wine plate, and we were there. The flight home was incredibly fast. I love JetBlue and cannot think of a poor flight experience. Actually I can,"
Love this airline,Leg room and space is wonderful. I don't feel like the other person is sitting on my lap with my knees in the persons back in front of me. The staff is always so friendly and helpful. The in flight tv's are relaxing while in flight. They gave us (at no charge) sleep masks
Best Airline to travel across the country,Truly enjoyed the Mint Experience! Solid value for really nice business class seating. We flew to Boston using the Even More Space seating and returned (via LAX) seated in the Mint section. These seats do actually allow you to lie down. I only wish the seat was a bit
A flight attendant Jennifer on 1944 PBI to EWR severely changed my experience for the worse,"After just 1 round of discussion of how best to put my regular carry on suitcase, Jennifer impatiently said: ""I don't play that game, just put it there"" - referring to a position of my suitcase that will rest on top of the partial divider btw 2 overhead bins, and having the"
Very good experience,"We asked the staff about seating (we are from NZ and were unsure of boarding procedures). The staff were great and put us in the exit rows (plenty of leg room). The flight was on time, plane was modern, boarding was easy AND they also did a bar service on the short flight. I'd"
Love JetBlue,I mainly fly JetBlue I recently had an experience where I had to cancel a flight and they where fantastic and very understanding
Preferred because of quality Experience,"There is quality in the ""air"" when you fly this airline. They pay attention to detail and do not load the plane with extras that are not really needed, The menu is paired down, but wholesome and healthy. The entertainment is TV based , and the interior of the plane is"
Leg room not an issue.,Jetblue has some of the best customer service in the industry. Lots of leg room. Traveled from LAX to Boston then to Pittsburgh. Open galley with plenty of drinks and snacks.
Jan.Orlando & March Ft. Myers- 2019,Flying Jet Blue is always pleasurable once you get to the gate. Return flight from Orlando was overwhelming. The airport is difficult to navigate. RSW is always a pleasure. We have never been disappointed with any of the many flights we have had on Jet Blue.
GREAT VALUED AIRLINE!,"Thank you JetBlue! VERY refreshing to not have every little thing charged for! personal bag, cabin bag, a drink, snacks, and tv all included in ticket price! The seats are a little older BUT there's much more leg room compared to most airlines. Most def get the value for your"
Great flight,Good flight . Crew where friendly and the seat was fine ! Was on row 1 seat A. Flight was on time . Boarding was efficient.
Love Jet Blue,"This is one of many Jet Blue flights and I’ve always been pleased with the airline. The planes, service, comfort, etc. I only wish they flew more places."
Lousy service,"This is a saga so be warned....Arrived at the Montego Bay (Sangster) airport on April 2, 2019 at 10:30am for a 1:29pm departure on JetBlue flt#926 to Fort Lauderdale. It was only when we began to assemble for boarding that we were advised the aircraft was still in Florida and"
Good flight,It was a good flight from JFK to Cancun. Not really a big deal if you are flying economy. I am a simple traveler and i don't expect much on my trips as long as they take me to point A to point B
Flying JetBlue,"This is probably the best flight that I have ever had. Of course, the airline industry has set the bar really low."
Comfortable and efficient,"Both flights were on-time, and the airplane was clean and comfortable. Leg-room was better than on most airlines, and the cabin crew were relatively pleasant. There were some issues with the entertainment system on the outbound flight, but Jet Blue gave everyone a $15 credit to"
Top notch airline,"Had to book a last minute trip to LAX b/c of a flight change with our original flight with Delta. Jet Blue came through for us with outstanding service, fun and capable flight attendants and a flight that was very comfortable. Jet Blue is a reputable company, always gives credit"
Efficient Service,"Flight was on time, comfortable and attendants were friendly. The movie selection was up to date. The flight actually landed early. Easy, enjoyable trip."
Mint Class is the best,"I love Mint Class. Besides the space (my own pod, in a lay flat seat) the seats are comfortable and roomy. You are greated with a custom welcome beverage and a goodie bag with lotion, face spray, lip gloss, socks (I have a mini collection going) and ear plugs. The food is"
Jet Blue is in a league of its own,"I love Jet Blue. Friendly flight attendants and pilots, comfortable cabins, amazing entertainment, great customer service and Jet Blue never over-sells their flights, so you don't have to worry about being bumped off."
The trip from hell.,The worst traveling experiences I ever experienced in my 53 years of flying. I come back in swear never to use them again. Was my first time and last. There employers don’t have a clue what they are doing. There cheap airplane was a rough ride. Nightmare flight.no rest both
flight from Boston to Puerto plata with jet blue,flight was good. Left on time. the staff was doing a food job. The fight was 3.5 hours long and the entertainment (at least where i was sitting) did not really work. Other than that it was a very comfortable flight. even though it is an international flight they onky served
First time with JetBlue,First time with JetBlue. I had heard it was rated number 1. Was fine. Nothing special. Stewardesses were friendly but not over attentive. First let from Orlando to Puerto Rico there was a man who was steward and he seemed grumpy and not overly helpful. Beautiful flight and
NOTHING UNUSUAL,Arrived at airport as usual all was clean & orderly. Went to assigned gate and was greeted by attendant behind counter. Boarded plane on time & the plane left on time. Flight attendants served drinks and snacks with no problems. Arrived in Florida 1/2 hr. early. Very happy
went to Florida for a fishing weekend,"It got us there, no hassles. LaGuardia is worthless and overcrowded, as always. JetBlue crew were very nice and accomodating"
Jet blue has serious issues with their fleet of planes,Our flight from San Juan to JFK was delayed due to mechanical issues which wound up delaying our flight 6 hours to JFK. By the time we arrived at JFK we missed our connecting flight because they are new to using Ontario airport and they had very few choices for us to reschedule.
Very bad service and will never use them again. Very disappointed for first time with their flight. People should stay,Very very bad service. I had a business meeting to attend JetBlue overbook the airline and from a 6h am flight they had me reschedule to a 4 PM. Will never use them again.Very disappointed for first time with their flight. People should stay
More like flying used to be,"Previous flights lately have been on bare bones lines. In comparison Jet Blue looked very good. Leg space between rows was like the old days and you got a little snack and free drink! Nothing fantastic but compared to some flights these days...wow. On time, pleasant"
nice flight,Just started this very convenient flight. Every day it has been full. Quick in & out. Just what we wanted. We'll be on it again
Failed to meet expectations,"Having flown Spirit Airlines on our trip down and found it to be an enjoyable experience, we anticipate a similar experience on the return flight with JetBlue. We were wrong. We upgraded seats to the front of the plane in anticipation of a similar experience as we had with"
"pretty good overall, check in NOT","Always enjoy JetBlue for overall service and equipment. But very upset in checking in that the agent tried to charge me for my bag, when the previous day checking in online was told one bag free. Her explanation pretty weak...""well it all depends on the fare you paid"" and said"
Decent flight and free movies,"I have had some problems with this airline in the past, but my most recent flight was on time and arrived ahead of schedule. The movies are free on flights that are equipped with the proper headrest screens. I would recommend carrying your own headphones because they don't come"
"comfortable, room, pleasant service","This was a great flight. The plane was brand new I think. Comfortable seats, large tv's good service. The leg room was plenty in coach (I am 5'10"" and wondered if I had mistakenly ordered the ""even more room"" seat, but it was just a regular seat. A notch above my recent"
Glad to be flying Jet Blue again,Glad to be using Jet Blue again - in my opinion the best airline around. LOTS of leg room - even with the non-extra room seats. Excellent service - great entertainment - overall a great experience
Great experiences with domestic flights,"I've been flying the Boston to Buffalo (and vice-versa) route for the past 6 years, and I've always had a great experience. One time in December, I missed my flight due to snowstorm/ congestion in Boston. I was very late for my original flight, and when I talked to the help"
Great!,"Great flight, great service. The staff is very friendly and very very very patient. Had a good very good flight."
Relaxing extra leg room flight,"Returning on this flight was “as promised”. We walked out and up the stairs to our jet. Apparently Jet Blue didn’t “rate” one of 5 jetways in Costa Rica, lesson learned. Leaving from a foreign country at noon, “they didn’t think anyone would want lunch, as they ran out of ALL"
SO DISSAPOINTED,"People are still going to fly with JetBlue no matter what I write, but I still will let you know about my recent experienced. I was so disappointed, Upset, and Annoyed. In the beginning I was happy I was going to travel with JetBlue, I hoped to enjoy the entertainment . Just"
One of my top preferred domestic airlines,"I've probably flown dozens of trips on JetBlue at this point, and I've always had pretty good experiences with the airline. It's definitely in the top few domestic airlines I've flown with, so whenever the price is reasonable I try to choose flights with JetBlue. One particular"
WORST AIRLINE - HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE,"This past MONTH of trying to remain in contact and work out our group reservation flight being cancelled have been way beyond what was expected from any airline, especially JetBlue. I have flown a lot in my life and never had a problem until March 3rd, along with majority of the"
They cost us $2000 by making us late to the flight,"We arrived at the airport in time for our flight, however, by the time the woman at the Jetblue desk served us, she told us she didn't think we could make the flight. She called the gate (which was only a 2-3 minute walk from where we were standing) and they were speaking"
Great value for the money - Watching oscar winning movie for free,"You can eat all snacks you want, I just love Cheez-it. I was watching ""A star is born"" movie on the flight for free. Forrest Gumg and ""13 going 30"" movies were also available. Baseball game available on ESPN. Great value for the money and very clean airplane. The plane arrived"
Delay over 90 min missing connections,"Either JetBlue made errors or RIC airport did with logistics of the plane versus the gate. We waited over 90 min for our plane to be towed from one gate to ours causing missed connections and major frustration. Connection could have waited 10 min for our group of 10, but"
I Expected More,"Besides some measly snacks and one soda, everything was for sale including the TV. This was for me too stingy by half. Seats were OK, roomy enough for me as I am petite and the leg room was adequate even for bigger people. Once the attendants made the first pass to give out"
Always a pleasant experience,"I have been flying with JetBlue since 2013 and have never had a bad experience. I was a bit disappointed that they no longer have any free checked bags but I also understand this is a business. The seats are comfortable, there's enough leg room that you don't feel cramped. I"
"Flight was on time, service excellent.",Jet Blue has been the most reliable airline I use. With their premiere credit card I receive a free checked bag and that is a great perk.
Tim B,I have been flying JetBlue now for 6 years. I go to Florida every year and have never had a flight leave or land on time. They are always late never have enough space on the plane. I have never left at the scheduled time and one time I was stuck in Fort Lauderdale for 4 extra
Too many fees,I travel for work almost every month of the year to several US destinations. I like non stop flights and since I am based in Las Vegas Jetblue is one of the few option to flight non stop to Atlanta. the problem are all the extra fees they charge. The flight is just OK but you
Smooth flying the blue!,"My husband and I flew JetBlue direct from Richmond, VA to Orlando, FL on a morning flight to take a cruise on Royal Caribbean leaving from Port Canaveral. Easy check in at Richmond since we had PreCheck!!! Our seats were near the back of the plane and lots of friendly"
Enjoyable Flight and Service,"I usually fly American Airlines but to get to Boston from West Palm direct. Jetblue is the only choice. I have flown JetBlue twice before and had bad experiences both times, but this one was Different. The flight crew makes the difference and this group was friendly and"
Wonderful first impression,"Just a superb first time experience with this airline. Clean, efficient, excellent service, the flight attendants were professional and gracious. Everything about the flight was much above what we expected."
Spring break vacation,This was my family’s first time on JetBlue airlines and it was great. The staff on duty was great and the flight was on time both ways. It met our expectations. We will definitely fly with JetBlue again in the future.
Great Flight,Great flight. Good legroom. Only criticism is that they should not allow people to bring a carry-on and a huge backpack. Neither of those items do not fit under the seat. My husband and I had no room above us for a bag. We purchased two seats but not one spot above-just not
Best airline,"We had great flights on each leg of our recent trip. The flights were on time, flight attendants were courteous and helpful, with plenty of leg room and snacks. We love JetBlue and will definitely use them again!"
Nonstop flight Boston to Mexico City,"WiFi works over continental US only, out of luck over Gulf of Mexico and Mexico itself No meals, but plentiful snacks"
Good Line,Good airline Flights were on time both coming and going. Lots of leg room and staff was very pleasant.. Got great prices if you check the lowest cost flights. Would fly with them again
If one needs wheelchair service from curb to Boarding area JetBlue is the company to fly with! Very helpful and kind.,we use JetBlue as our airline to fly ourselves and family back and forth to Florida several tines a year.Evert one is always pleases with the flight and the service.
Well it never took off!!!,We were supposed to fly JetBlue earlier in the week we were at gate in plenty of time the plane was late they told us it had a little mechanical problem it would be delayed 20 minutes then it was something else then they put us on the plane then we sat then they took us off the
Always Outstanding,"We always fly JetBlue when traveling to Florida. We appreciate the direct flight, friendly staff and on time arrivals. This time, due to knee surgery, my husband needed wheelchair accommodations and we were very impressed. Everything was stress free on both flights. The"
They do it right!,"I can’t say enough good things about JetBlue. Plane was clean, spacious, yes it was spacious for economy and the attendants were very accommodating. Flying still sucks but they make it much more manageable!"
Fine flight,"Overall good flight. Friendly staff, ontime arrival. Only negative was long wait for luggage which is typical JFK."
Best Airline Flying Today,"Myself, 10 year old granddaughter and wife flew economy from Orlando to LA this March. As in past flights with this airline the seating in economy has more legroom than any other airline, the stewards/eses were courteous and efficient, the airline was on time and baggage"
Outstanding service,"Very friendly flight attendants, complimentary refreshments (soft drinks and wide choice of salty snacks). Free Wi-Fi during the flight."
JetBlue a partner Airline of Porter,"This was a partner airline for Porter. Check in was a little bit difficult because I booked with Porter Airlines. I was not able to check in online ahead of time, which I usually do to save time. (A tip to remember when using partner airlines) This was an early flight to Boston"
From Florida to Utah,"Typical flight on JetBlue. Clean plane with everything working. Standard food options. Large seats (+$). The plane left on time and landed on time. Its the way it should be. Flight was over crowded, but nice otherwise."
"A huge Disappointment again! Last year, now this year, no TV or internet on our flight there then late going back, BAD","A huge Disappointment again! Last year was bad, now this year just as bad, no TV or internet on our flight there then late going back to FL, BAD EXPERIENCE! JetBlue used to be good, but they just are not anymore. The service is horrible, the TV didn't working going, nor the"
Good Airline,"There is plenty of room for your legs, we had in flight entertainment from DirecTV with movies, music, and shows. The flight crew is super friendly. The works with us to get out of town before a big storm hit and allowed us to travel a day early. We were also able to choice"
Terrible customer service,"I'm writing this review for my brother in law, he's too nice,and much more patient than I. On March 16 we returned from a family vacation in the Islands. Flight arrival time in FLL was 12 midnight, we had been up since 6am, so to say we were exhausted is an understatement. We"
More than expected,"This was a connecting flight from Iceland to Atlanta (home). I always thought of JetBlue as an economy airline and did not expect much. I was pleasantly surprised at the service, the seat room, the on-board refreshments and the courtesy of the cabin crew. It was a short 2"
No Worries!,"I never have a problem with JetBlue. Always comfortable flights. I just wish there were more flights from my local airport(West Palm Beach, FL). I fly up to Boston to visit my daughter and granddaughters and they visit me in Florida, so when we fly, this is the airline we go to."
New facial recognition program at logan,The new facial recognition program was being tested at logan. Each person steps up to the camera and your photo is matched to your passport/licence. Slowed the line a bit but did not slow the boarding.
Great start to our Vacation,"Boarded on time, left on time, service was great, they had minor issues with movies, but made it up with not charging for anything purchased on flight. Arrived a 1/2 hour early! Flight was smooth and landing was smooth."
Flying to Costa Rica,Always fly JetBlue. The flight left on time. The seats are spacious and the airplane was clean. The flight back was delayed by a couple of hours but we were kept informed via text messages. I have also flown JetBlue to Peru and was very satisfied with the service
Excellent!!,"Flown with them quite a few times. Used to LOVE United Airlines, but since their prices has gone up so much, then charged for bags and seat....I’m out! Was a bit skeptical on my first experience with JetBlue. Fell in love ever since. Not only booking was a breeze, the crews they"
Plane needs a good cleaning,"When taking our seats, there was a used dirty ear plug on the seat, trash papers in the seat back and when the tray was folded down, it was covered in sticky spilled soda. My wife's tv monitor did not work, the ""live map view"" showed a stationary map the entire time. The return"
Mostly Nice Flights!,"We were returning home from a Caribbean cruise. We flew from Ft. Lauderdale to New York to Long Beach, so technically we were on two flights. The first flight was very nice! The service was great and the seats were very comfortable. The screen controls were easy to use and"
Good Flight,"The flight from Boston was on-time, smooth, plenty of space in the ""even more space"" seats. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. Snack are only OK but better than other airlines economy snacks. I usually sleep through flights but the DirectTV was entertaining enough"
jetBlue is our airline of choice,"Several years ago jetBlue started service to and from Charleston, SC. Every flight whether to Aruba or Boston jetBlue is our first choice. I find there planes to be comfortable even those towards the back of the plane. I typically purchase the 'more space' seats not only due to"
"A full and otherwise uneventful flight, handled with professionalism and as expected","A fairly short flight in economy, without any frills, but without anything terrible happening. The plane was old, and my screen was broken, but wifi worked, and Jetblue issued a $15 credit as they do to anyone who reports broken in-flight entertainment."
Jetblue is really good to flyers. always polite and friendly. Best airline.,Jetblue is the best airline around right now. I always get treated well and the new terminal upgrades to JFK.
it was amazing trip with my family,i flew with my son and my friend we was comfy the people was great the staff was great and it was a smooth landing and depature
JetBlue Austin,Very good service. I would have been helpful if the pilot had received approval for a higher or lower flight level because of severe turbulence. Pretty scary.
Good airline,"I like JetBlue airlines. Their airplanes are fairly comfortable. They’re on port entertainment is good. What I did not appreciate on this trip, was that they made us sit in the runway for over an hour because of airplane traffic."
Pleasantly suprised,Quite roomy and the hostesses were quite pleaseant. Inflight entertainment was well appreciated. JetBlue is now on my travel radar .
Recent flight,"I've never flown JetBlue before, since I tend to stick to airlines that I have longevity with. Honestly, JetBlue will be a favorite from now on. The flight was rescheduled from November to March due to death in family and JetBlue made the change smooth and hassle free. I have to"
Love JetBlue but Late-Night Flights seem to frequently cancel,"I love flying with JetBlue. They have a great team of workers, the planes are as roomy as you would expect, they have great complimentary snacks and they have onboard entertainment in the form of televisions on each seatback. My only problem with them is that I have had bad"
"Poor system performance, difficult check in process and disorganized boarding",Really disappointed with my recent JetBlue experience. The online check in process was erring out both ways we traveled. We couldn't select our seats on time so we were separated. We bought up to even more room with boarding priority on our way to Barbados and got no benefit out
Great Experience,"JetBlue is one of my Favorite airlines. All seats are have good amount of leg room, Flight attendant and customer service is Very good, and recent Mosaic Upgrade made our flight experience even better with Priority seating and Free alcoholic beverages."
Plenty of legroom and on time!,"This was a nonstop flight and it was wonderful! There was plenty of legroom for my tall husband, especially important when you're sitting for over 4 hours. The flight boarded on time, but then had to de ice so we were a few minutes late leaving Boston, but we didn't mind"
Everything was fine. The flight taked off on time.,Nice flight. There was enough space for the legs despite it was an international flight. very good service by the hostesses
Good Airline,This was my first time flying on JetBlue. I chose them because they had awesome rates to Orlando. They provided us with an assortment of drinks & snacks and kept us entertained with television shows or current movies. Each seat had a screen. Take your headphones! I don’t use
The pricier seats are even more uncomfortable than the economy seats,"Employees professional & friendly. Seats uncomfortable on flight down, so upgraded for return flight"
Almost always a pleasure!,"We are regular JetBlue passengers. We usually ungrade to ""even more space"" seats for a couple of reasons. 1-extra leg room and 2-some mobility problems. This flight was as usual-full. We appreciate the in-flight entertainment and the snacks. This time we opted for a small"
Brazil Vacation,Flight was long but the service was good and friendly. The television screen helped a great deal in regards to flight time. However on my flight returning home my television screen was not working and the flight attendant was not able to fix. So they provided me with voucher
As Expected,"I have always been pleased with JetBlue. The seats have good legroom, and you can even get increased legroom for those longer flights--I did not do that this time. The staff is well trained, pleasant, and efficient at their duties. I actually try to fly JetBlue over other"
Spectacular flight!,"Departed Boston at 9 (ET), on the slopes by 2pm (MT). What’s better than that. Hoping Boston supports this service so it lasts and lasts. First time to Steamboat and we couldn’t have had a better trip. Service, food and tons of things to do. Kids loved watching March Madness"
Flight attendant kicks customer off flight 936 2:33am on the middle of run way.,"It was a full flight and The attendant tries to sell me a $50 seat.I only asked if I can sit in an emergency seat when i was told to close the table for not having enough room in a middle seat of three, I saw two empty seats. When I reply how come I can not change my seat"
"Direct flight to Orlando from San José, Costa Rica",Wonderful to have a non-stop direct option. Complimentary beverages onboard. Personal item and carry-on included in ticket price. Checked baggage extra...add as needed. The crew was efficient and I enjoyed the flight.
no wifi?,we had a two hour delay between them trying to figure out the lack of wifi then the deicing we sat for two hours watching crew scaamble about the cockpit really makes you feel safe
I totally love Jetblue!,"I love Jetblue and their service. I've been flying since I'm 5 days old. I know the good ones from the bad. They changed their return flight to a later hour, which is kind of bummer but it worked out okay. Fastest baggage handlers ever. Crew is wonderful and the planes have"
"Smooth saling, except...","The JetBlue staff boarded us early and I believe we actually landed early. It was my first time flying this airline and it was comfortable, the service was fine, and the price was right. But when we landed in Boston, we could not get off the plane for more than 1/2 hour because"
On time and always good,"Always a pleasure to fly JetBlue. Just more leg room, assigned seats, choice of paying with or without bags. Early booking price breaks. Flight attendants are always a pleasure to be around. Drinks and snacks at no charge. Options for meals if you like. In flight TV and music"
JETBLUE AIRLINES,We have traveled by Jet Blue on many occasions. Service is something no one should complain about. Time wise the plane was close to on time as far as take off and landing.
Flight to New York,"The flight was amazing but I sat next to a lady and her two kids with her husband. The kids screamed and threw fits the whole time. She did not do much to take care of the problem. Granted it was a 5 hour flight, but the whole time from lift off to touch down. I could hear them"
This isnt the golden age of travel,"I think the airlines do a decent job of packing travellers on planes. Though Fl. Lauderdale reminds me of Laguardia in some ways. The announcements were clear an loud and the gate crew seemed to have control. I am a very low maintainance flier. I get to the gate, find a seat and"
jetBlue was fine.,"Trip was fine, plane was clean, also check in was a breeze. Service was friendly and helpful. Even gave out snacks and complimentary beverages. That's rare these days."
When you get a great rep you brag about her- Jet Blue Susan ID 21773 WE LOVE YOU,Susan- Employee number 21773 is patient - knowledgeable- Sweet- Caring- Attentive- This may not mean a lot to a ton of people but good customer service goes a long way for me this is why I will ALWAYS be loyal to the JETBLUE Brand- Love the BLUE and SUSAN
Comfortable amount of leg room,"On time, with a comfortable amount of leg room, and good snacks. The service was excellent overall.u"
Quick and Pleasant Trip,"The direct flight to Costa Rica was quick and pleasant. The boarding and deplaning process was quicker than most trips I've been on. There was plenty of space for carry on luggage. The flight is a little under 3 hours, and with in-flight entertainment and snacks, it's a painless"
Amazing Airline,"I think I found my Fav! This was my 3rd time flying JetBlue and they have not disappointed me yet. Between the ease of checking in to the friendliness of the airline staff, I love flying JetBlue. Then the plane is roomy, clean and peaceful. I would definitely recommend JetBlue."
Not worth extra money,"Recently flew to Orlando from Newburgh Stewart Airport and paid for oversized seat and extra legroom. However, your supposed to get first boarding but between all the wheelchairs, baby carriages and what all I was one of the last to get boarded. I do this to be able to ensure I"
Comfort at boarding the plane,We had a good trip overall. Two things went wrong. Flight to Aruba had no on board entertainment. Flight from Aruba had no head phones availability to watch the movies on board.
JetBlue makes flying easier,Took a noontime flight home after spending the week in NYC. Terminal is modern and clean. Luggage check was fast. Lots of choices for pre-flight snacks. Boarded early and landed early.
Horrible Service,"My husband was flying from Atlanta back to Portland and they delayed his flight, causing him to miss his connecting flight in New York. They then canceled the flight and put him on the exact same flight the next day, so he is stuck paying for a $60 Uber to get to the airport,"
"We had good weather, so JetBlue performed well.","Good flight, as JetBlue flights usually are when the weather is good. But frequent JetBlue flyers all know that we are rolling the weather dice when we fly JetBlue; because when the weather gets bad, JetBlue is probably the least reliable airline to fly."
Overall experience three and a half stars!,"I have flow Jet Blue many times but this time I noticed a lack of organization in boarding !In the past people were boarded in accordance with their seat numbers and special boarding passes such as Veterans,handicapped,Mosaic and more leg room went first. This year and I noticed"
Perfect,"The full experience was very relaxing. I was expecting plenty of turbulence due to many friends and family members previously experiencing But it was as smooth as flying in clouds hahaha. I got the chance to sleep, work on papers and even sip on some wine while flying. Amazing"
Flying with injury,I was flying alone wit an injured ankle..I requested wheelchair service & was more than satisfied..Personnel were Friendly & competent at both airports...
Couldnt get a thing right,"First my flight was delayed several times my departure time moved from 11:59PM to 2:55PM, I get it sometimes things happen. On board the flight attendants seemed more interested in not having to deal with customers, Jet blue becuase the planes are so small has to I guess store"
Flying for a winter break,"The plane was clean, on time and the seats were relatively comfortable with enough room for your legs. Snacks were free with several choices or you could pay for something more substantial. My one complaint was that the internet was not working. We were informed halfway through"
So-So...,"Well, the airline was quite boring per say, the entertainment was quite boring, I had some snacks on the flight, so all in all, it was quite boring."
Great service,"We recently went to Puerto Rico. Having flown a lot, we found jet blue is our absolute favorite airline. The snacks are unlimited and there are lots of choices, not just those tiny little packs of pretzels or peanuts that most airlines offer. There is also unlimited soda, not"
Flight to Punta Cana,"Many people board plane before letter group is called to get overhead bins. Not fair to those waiting for there letter group to be called. Very narrow aisle,hard to get to bathrooms if other people are waiting."
Smooth Flight going and coming back,The entire vacation at the Royalton was amazing with no disappointments The trip from the airport to the hotel was horrible It took 2 hours in a hot bus up and down a mountain
As good as it gets,"JetBlue is as good as it gets nowadays when flying coach. No frills, but at least they still offer free soft drinks and snacks. Planes are clean and reasonably not too tight on leg room. Both flights were right on time, but that really has nothing to do with the airline."
Passengers are truly commodities - but I guess JetBlue treats us fairly well.,"Even though Jet Blue supposedly offers economy passengers the most comfortable seats - still they are far from comfortable! The flight crew was lovely - the flight arrived on time, and the snacks are nice."
First time I flew JetBlue and I would do it again.,The flight going to the Bahamas was smooth and wonderful. The flight attendants were very friendly. The flight coming home from the Bahamas was very bumpy and lots of turbulence. The flight crew handled everything perfectly and made everyone feel at ease. They were wonderful.
Smooth round trip on JetBlue,Everything about the flight was smooth and trouble free. It was on time. The attendants were cordial. The flight was smooth. Our luggage arrived in reasonable time.
Misleading Information Online and Concern of Safety for my Daughter,"I traveled from Fort Lauderdale, FL to Santo Domingo, DR with my daughter who is 1 year and 7 months old. On Jet Blue's website, it stated if you are traveling with children under the age of 2, you will get first boarding and also will be provided with a lap belt for your child."
Comfortable flight,JetBlue has always seemed to have friendly and helpful staff. The seats seems to be comfortable and free in-flight entertainment ( there is a cost if you need to buy earplugs). JetBlue tends to be a more enjoyable experience then other airlines with rates lower then most
Comfortable flights,"We took round trip flights from Boston to Aruba. The flights down were comfortable and hassle free. The flights back were a little less comfortable. Delays and gate changes. Next time we’ll book direct. Other than that, the cabin crew made sure the passengers were comfortable"
What happened to the Jetblue experience?,"I use to love flying Jetblue for all my business travel and with my family but they have change. I traveled so much with them I use to be part of their mosaic program.,now I avoid them when possible. Now they are always delayed, every time no matter the destination. They use to"
Avoid St. Thomas Airport,"Flight was delayed by a little over an hour which wasn't bad, except that we were in the St. Thomas, US VI airport. We had a med assist so at least one of us always had a place to sit. However, there were hoards of people, many of whom had to stand for lack of seats or sprawl on"
Trip to see Dad,"Flew Jetblue which typically I really like. I found a airfare really good. It was a $250 flight into white plains, New York which can be on the expensive side. Everyone on the flight was great even with my service dog. And they were happy to change my seat to bulkhead having a"
Average flight in economy,"True redeye flight. Departed Las Vegas just prior to midnight. Flight attendants were good, shortly after takeoff snacks/drinks. After lights were dimmed flight attendants barely visible. Okay flight. Seat comfort is average."
Jetblue easy flight,We left a little late because an older woman was experiencing health issues but got to Orlando close to the arrival time. We like Jetblue because we know what to expect and from Boston it's an easy flight to Orlando.
A very good airline indee,Very good airline. On time. Friendly and courteous all staff. Excellent aircraft they used. Information given was exactly what we needed. Even got a little snack on a 2 1/2 hour flight. Extra for legroom seat ok bearing in mind additional legroom and duration of flight. Whenever
Felt like the longest flight,This flight was probably one of the worst flights I have had in terms of service. Flight attendants were not friendly at all. There was no in flight entertainment. One of reason's I fly jet blue is because of the in flight entertainment and wifi of which both were missing from
Almost too much Technology,"We were not sure what to expect when we booked our flight but I must say between the comfort and convienance of this air line and American, Jet Blue wins this round. I was not pleased with the electronic kiosk check in as I am all for keeping the people employed but the"
Nothing Blue About Jet Blue,"I have traveled with Jet Blue Airlines for many years. They are very polite, knowledgeable, helpful and have great customer service. I travel at least twice a year and never had a problem with anyone there. They aim to please. They also have a frequent flyers program that"
"Good, low-cost flight","I flew jetBlue Airways on the two hour flight from Savannah (SAV) to New York (JFK). On the Airbus A320, the seat width, legroom, and recline were industry average. I had about two inches of extra space between my knees and the seat in front of me. My aisle seat was comfortable."
Easy,This is the easiest flight out of Orlando to Cancun since it's direct. There is only one flight daily to/from these cities. We paid for one check-in since there were 3 of us flying: worth it if you're staying a while versus trying to get dibs on an overhead compartment. There
Avoid this airline in EWR location by all means!,"One of the worst, humiliating experiences. Rude and ignorant flight attendants and supervisors. Pittiful bag policies that are put above customer experience. JetBlue flight was a transfer offered by Emirates, not by my choice. Future state, I will make sure to avoid them by all"
They helped me resolve an issue that wasn't their fault,"Leaving Havana, Cuba, one of my bags was held by Cuban Customs. JetBlue was wonderful to work with in getting this resolved. It was NOT their fault that my bag was held, but they worked with me for the 3 weeks it took to get the documentation and everything that customs"
"Super long delay, missed connection for island vacation. JetBlue worked hard to make it right.","I'm not sure if my experience is an anomaly as it was my first time flying with JetBlue. On the day of our flight, we knew right away that there would be delays with proactive communication via email and the app that our flight was delayed. What started to concern us was the"
"Not great, not terrible I guess..","Flight took off an hour after scheduled time with no mention of Delay or reason. Paid extra money for ""even more space"" seats. My seat didn't work or lean back. TV screen was broken. Wifi was crap and worked for 5 minutes. The flight itself and the captain were pleasant and"
on time,"never disappointed by staff or service. Took E190 which seat 2 seats on each side, rather than 320 or 321, which seats 3 on each side."
Horrible,NEVER EVER fly JetBlue. Our family had to fly with them three times and all three times there was at least a 10 hour delay in which the airline refused accommodations even though they knew we were traveling with a special needs child and a 3 year old.
Direct Flight Boston-Las Vegas,"I always book the first flight out for the day - avoids the hassles of getting to the airport, ease of security check in, familiarizing myself with the gate, etc. From the departure from my house to the time I was seated in my seat (which was the aisle seat on the exit and"
Traveling to Costa Rica,"Have flown many airlines and know it is not difficult to do the expected, many are very good at it-it is the unexpected where you separate the best from the bad. Turned in a rental car for a red eye flight, had two very large and one small bag with me and the rental car return"
"Safe flight, bad entertainment","Flight was fine. All drinks except extreme basic you had to pay for. I had water. In flight entertainment didn’t work. We were told we could get a voucher for $15 but it was such a hassle when I tried, I gave up."
Great flight,An excellent flight with great service on the ground and in the air. Everything on schedule and time.
Love to fly Jet Blue,Just got back from Siesta Key Florida and went both ways with Jet Blue. Great snacks and the flight attendants are always great. Good selection of free movies always make the time go by faster.
flight to palm beach,"flew from boston to west palm beach, be careful of what you can take on the plane tsa are pretty strict at boston, i was first told i could take a wooden cutting board in my bag on the plane but the the supervisor told me it was club like weapon and i had to check it in, jet"
At Least They Still Make an Effort,"Airlines no longer vie for our business because they know they'll get it regardless. Jetblue used to be my go-to airline for all things - comfy seats, more legroom than average airlines, first bag checked free, yummy noshes. That's no longer the case. They're no longer the least"
Fun flight,Amazing flight. Pilot walked around prior to take off talked to everyone on the plane. Brand new plane so much more leg room and touch screen TV with 30 free movies. Very pleased!
Even the best airlines can have issues,"Usually a very good airline, I had issues with this flight. First they overbooked and I had to leave my carry on to be checked in (at least no charge). Then they announced that there was no TV or radio service, ""we are sorry"". But what added to the frustration was arriving and"
Don't care about loyal members,"I've been a trueblue member and a credit card holder for 8 years now and unfortunately I've had lots of issues with them over the years. They also don't treat their loyal members well at all. Recommend not getting their credit cards, there's 0 benefit to them. They got 2 stars"
Excellent Customer Service,The gate agents in Buffalo were excellent. They went out of their way to upgrade flight if available and provide information about all connections. Great airline!
red eye flight good to travel,sleep good flight nice friendly service also they take care handicap person nice friendly way make welcome to flight
Terrible JetBlue Mint Service,"Very disappointed with the service during my flight from SFO to FLL. I bought tickets at JetBlue Mint, which is their first class service and from 15 minutes before the departure of the flight and up to an hour later, the satellite television service did not work; the flight"
great flight but a bit more pricey then other flights,"is comfortable to the max you have to see what complementary foods they have if your hungry their little snacks wont help you. You will have to pay. I look through all discount prices and all show this one as the most expensive one. If you don't mind paying extra for quality,"
Great Customer Service,The return flight from Richmond was delayed due to a bird strike in Orlando. JetBlue’s text communication was excellent providing continuous updates. I was pleasantly surprised when I received a letter of apology and a credit of $75.00 for future use. JetBlue exceeded my
The only airline I fly!,"I don't travel often, but when I do I always choose JetBlue. Last flight was in December and will go again in March and booked a JetBlue vacation package in June! Never disappointed."
JetBlue is A+,JetBlue is always an A+ service. Staff is informative and pleasant and they go above and beyond for their customers.
"Friendly, reliable, transparent","This was my first international service on JetBlue. Same friendly and reliable service I have come to respect domestically. Website is transparent on pricing and options, and easy to use. (I paid a little more for not-the-3am-arrival at Santiago, and I do recommend that, as even"
Love Jetblue!,We had six kids aged 8-13 and 4 adults traveling for a business/family trip. We all agree we will only fly Jetblue. Easy check in...love the seats and comfort...free Movies each way! They sell earbuds if u don’t have any. I got a chance to watch 2 movies that are in theatres
When Singing the Blues is a Good Thing,"Having flown several times (3 round Trips past year) I am happy with the entire experience. Crews are great, planes were very close to on Time in both arrival and Departure. Snacks are free on short trips (under 3 hours) and if you want a beer or a cocktail (actually just"
EXCELLENT!,"great flight, early arrival, personable, efficient flight crew. SMOOTHEST LANDING EVER! original flight was cancelled but there was plenty of notice to modify other plans, was rescheduled for 24 hours later and worked ou tperfectly."
BlueSky Service on JetBlue,"My family and I recently flew to Florida on JetBlue (which we seem to do more on them when we fly these days...) this last Feb. Now, we used to predominantly use SouthWest, but in the last 3-4 years it seems like JetBlue has just had the right prices for the routings that we"
Was double charged!,"Got charged 2 times for check in and cannot get a refund. Once for mobile check in and again at airport. I have all the information to prove it and I am getting stonewalled...no words, I have the Jet Blues!"
Confortable seats and incredibly leg room.,Like I said in the title confortable seats and leg room. Only problem was out ot Santo Domingo the luggage charge was $35.00 instead of the usual $30.00
Long and complicated journey but decent flights,We flew from Kingston Jamaica via New York to San Francisco and return. We flew Jet Blue because it was so much cheaper than alternatives but with some anxiety because it was so much cheaper! THe flights and conditions in flight were good for a budget airline. Only 4 star
Late,A bit disappointed.Flight was schedule to leave at approximately 5:00 pm and was over an hour late.Contacted Jet Blue but no real effort was made fo any compensation as it was less than 90 minutes.
HORRIBLE NEVER FLY AGAIN,"NEVER FLY JETBLUE - we had two connecting flights both of which were delayed multiple times over and over again for different, avoidable reasons. The staff at the airport were totally nice but overall their system of running things is AWFUL. we arrived at 2am to atlanta when we"
Good flight,Good flight. Very pleasant flight attendants. Always like the snacks. We took of 15 minutes late. Could have had better communication. Checking online was easy TSA precheck made security quick and easy.
Delays With Charm,"Delays aren't pretty, especially when a connecting flight is involved. However, due to the extended time between my flights, the Flight delays didn't turn out to be a nightmare, but it was indeed quite tense. I was not aware of other flights to make the connection if I missed my"
Older aircraft on high-volume route?,"I love JetBlue. They fly to the destinations I most often travel to and I've always been pleased with the service. On this recent flight from Boston to Cancun for a winter getaway, the aircraft struck me as older and not as nice as the aircraft I flew on in January, from Boston"
Great Airline,From the Direct TV to the coffee in flight this is a great airline. The staff was very friendly and personable from beginning to end. Dunkin Donuts coffee was definitely a nice added touch. Seating was as comfortable as you can get on a plane. This was a nice experience which
Beware of baggage policies,Only US based airline that I know of that charges baggage fees for international flights. Be sure to add $$ to your estimated fare if you are comparing flights for international flights. It adds up fast and is often not the cheapest option.
Consistent value,"Courteous service, clean aircraft, reasonable space, on time flights... what more could you ask for?"
"Delays, Delays and more Dalays!","My wife and I booked a round trip to visit family in the Orlando area. We have the luxury of flying from a number of area airports from Bradley to JFK, but for this trip we thought we'd pay a little more in airfare to fly JetBlue for the convenience of using (short 30-minute"
Jet Blue 2 POP,Great trip friendly staff on time without any luggage lost . The televisions worked and you were entertained on the flight overall I would fly Jet blue again
Nonstop to Providence,Great addition to Providence So glad to have a nonstop from West Palm On time even with a snowstorm going on at home
Great first experience,"I haven’t flown in 22 years, I don’t like flying. On that I will say JetBlue has fantastic customer service. You may wait on hold longer than you like, but when they get to you they are helpful and friendly. They answer all your questions and try to comfort the most nervous"
My go to Airline,"It’s been at least 20 years I’ve been flying JetBlue and I’ve never had a problem! From those blue chips and TV, movies or Sirius radio at every seat to the friendly attendants I love Jet Blue. My husband and I flew to Costa Rica on just our points earned - so how great is"
My Go to,"I always try to fly JetBlue. They are cheaper than other airlines and usually a good flight experience. Now with that said, they are not the most timely. Although they will try to make it up to their passengers. I have gotten free seat upgrades as well as credits."
Flying Bus,"I fly Jetblue several times a month as does my family. I have never had any serious issues or complaints. Sometimes the TVs might glitch, sometimes the weather is bad, sometimes the other passengers can be annoying, but until i can afford my own plane I will continue to fly"
Son's birthday shout out in the skies,"Special thanks to our flight attendant, David, who made our flight very special by announcing our son's 31st birthday while everyone on the plane were filling the immigration and customs forms. The timing couldn't have been better since everyone paid attention to the special"
First time flyer,This was the first time I have flown with JetBlue. Checkin was quick and easy. Flight left 2 minutes early and arrived 15 minutes early. Excellent service on board.
Convenient and nice service,I fly Jetblue when I go to Florida. It is convenient flying out of Westchester County Airport. On my return flight back to Westchester we had a 40 plus min delay. We were told a tire had to be replaced. I appreciated that the plane was inspected properly and a necessary repair
Lies and lies about the departure of the flight..and false promises,"After 4 hours waiting and a lot of lies for the delay the flight was canceled. We had to make a new reservation for a flight on the next day that after was delayed 5 more hours. The ground staff offer a free round ticket to the passengers, the airline never honour this comitment."
MINT was awesome!,"My first experience flying Mint was so incredibly impressive with the suite that had its own door that closed. The flight attendants, Gena and Lori really were so incredible and made this a truly memorable flight!"
IDK whether to love or hate JetBlue...,"There's a lot to like about JetBlue in general (free wifi, except when it's not working; sometimes JetBlue is the only choice that makes sense), but when the going gets tough... Last year, the flight from BOS to STT was hampered by a stop (both ways) in San Juan, which made for"
ALWAYS FLY JETBLUE!!!,I travel a lot and I was recently on a nightmarish Delta flight but I have to say that I have NEVER had a bad flight on JetBlue Airlines!! It was such a pleasure to travel with them again and I realized that I will never book another flight if not on JetBlue they really are the
Leg room!,Great flight. Lots of legroom. Not a battle for overhead storage. Free snacks... very pleasant flight attendants
Reasonable and comfortable,"I’m always happy with Jet Blue. One class fits all …… LOL. Seats are comfortable and I do,believe the airline really values customer service. It’s great that there are so many flights to cities in Central and South America."
No complaints,Excellent flight for your money. I usually take Red eye flights to Florida from San Diego about once a month... I have absolutely no complaints. They left the people alone who were sleeping (I've been on some where the flight attendants are so loud and pushy when it comes to
"Plenty of leg room, going, TV was excellent, coming, missing a movie, not a big deal though",The flight was smooth and the Pilot let us know about any turbulence. The attendants were very helpful at the gate and in the air.
My favorite airline,"I greatly prefer JetBlue over any other airline. Wish I could fly them everywhere. Love the service out of ORH, wish they had more flights from there!"
Delayed AGAIN!!,"Used to LOVE JetBlue but in the past few years 7 out 10 flights have been delayed an hour or so, usually due to ""mechanical problems"". My recent flight we were told our plane was ready but the pilot and co-pilot had not arrived! Once we took off (over an hour later) the TVs"
Flying like the airline cares about you!,My husband and I flew JetBlue to Montego Bay from Orlando. We were on flight 1721 going to Montego bay and flight 1722 from Montego bay to Orlando. The seats were soft leather and wide and there was plenty of legroom. There was more seat room and legroom on the JetBlue flight
Even a somewhat cranky 2 year old couldn't ruin the trip.,"Aside from the usual high performance from JetBlue, I was seated next to a mom and her 2 year old son. The aircraft was 2 and 2 so she had him in his lap the entire flight. He was pretty darn good. Looked out window, even napped a tiny bit. And yes, he rolled and cried a"
Still my fav!,"Very relaxed everything with JetBlue. Got checked in and checked my bag at the counter. A lot going on but the team at the counter was calm and got everything done smooth fast and easy. Through security and the happiest JetBlue team members ever at the gate. Friendly,"
"Consitently Good Service, If there is a problem OUR experience is that they solve it.",This airline is experiencing growing pains. But when we complained about rude flight attendants we weren't blown off.. if felt like someone was listening and that there is some sort of accountability for the behavior of the service staff and flight attendants.
Will Never Fly JetBlue Again,"On Friday March 1st, while in Cancun, i received a text from JetBlue stating the my flight on Saturday afternoon was canceled. The text said that JetBlue would re-book me. I waited several hours and heard nothing from JetBlue. finally i called, and after waiting over an hour on"
"Always pleasant, good leg room","Plenty of leg room, just wish the seats were a bit wider, but that's my issue! Upon boarding I requested a belt extender and was promptly given one with no judgement stares."
Good Flight,I had a good experience. The flight was on time. In-flight services were pretty good. Would recommend.
Horrible Airline !!!!,"Horrible experience ! They cancelled the original flight and since that we were on plane after plane and had to keep getting off due to mechanical issues. We had an all inclusive resort booked from Mar 2 to 9 and arrived on Tuesday night at 7p! Then they lost my luggage, so I"
Love Jet Blue!,"Jet Blue has great service, plenty of leg room and is a pleasure to fly. They still have great prices and good value for your money. No complaints from me."
Apply for JB plus card many worthwhile benefits on flights.,Not loving JB Terminal at EWR. Need to get one like KFK Terminal 5!! Use JB Plus Credit Card many worthwhile benefits!
Consistent Service,"JetBlue is always dependable, comfortable, and professional. If there are ever any hitches or problems, they make up for it. They're fair and do not nickel and dime you."
GREAT,Flight was great both to and from Orlando. Flights were on time. Boarding was a quick process. Flight attendants friendly.
Good but not great!,The flight was good. JetBlue has a little more leg room then most airlines. The restrooms were so small it was very challenging to change a diaper even though they get points for having a changing table in the restroom. All in all good airline.
The best there is!,"I absolutely love Jet Blue airlines. The seats are roomy, leg room is good, but the most important reason to fly Jet Blue is their pilots! Even when they warn you that it’s going to be bumpy, it is usually a smooth flight. And, it also helps that you get your own tv!!"
"Competent, Courteous but no extras","Flight was delayed by a half hour due to mechanical difficulties - something I find unusual on JetBlue. Once on the plane, the pilot attempted to get us on and up in the air ASAP. Ultimately we recouped some of the lost time but the connecting flight in Florida was waiting for"
Next time I’ll fly Delta,I usually do not fly on JetBlue because the parking at JFK is so far away from the terminal and the gates that it’s a nuisance. I gave it a shot but next time I’ll go back to my usual airline. because not only was the flight delayed and we were never informed not only is the
I would fly Jetblue 100%,"Budget is the only thing that moves me to flying other airlines. Jetblue is easily my favorite airline - friendly staff, good entertainment, decent seats. The flight attendants are the best of any American based airline."
Competent and on time,I had to delay my flight home and found that Jet Blue offered a direct non-stop flight that departed at 2:43 pm and arrived before 6 pm. All the others made at least one stop. My original Delta return flight had a stop in Atlanta which requires you to rush by train to get to
Great airline adapting to modern times,"JetBlue is the best, makes you feel good to fly. Have a solid frequent flyer situation and they add more and more flights regularly. Also the little drink refrigerator and this modern, familiar snacks are a really nice touch. It’s the little things! Highly recommend."
Direct flights to Caribbean BEWARE,"All travelers beware. The JetBlue bill of rights protects against zero and I’ll tell you why: we had our direct flight from grand cayman back to Boston canceled, along with all other Caribbean flights back to Boston (Jamaica, Aruba, Mexico; all verified by friends traveling same"
Very good But...,"We flew from Boston to St Thomas on February 20, 2019. the plane was clean, the crew very friendly and ready to help. However, this is the second time that we have a flight without any TV, radio etc.. We had the same experience on December 5, 2018. What I find a little"
Terrible seat options,"We flew from Seattle to Montego bay. Did not have seats assigned until half an hour before boarding. Wgen we were on out way back, the rate changed and was different than on our boarding oasses and no announcement. Waa late to board because of the confusion. Was able to check"
Amazing,We take Jet Blue as often as possible when we fly out of Buffalo. Amazing Airlines; Still old fashion hospitality in present day competition. Nice comfortable seats even in economy class. Overall the price is competitive with all other airlines. Having said that; With past
Only Way To Fly !,This was one of my best flights. Easy to check in and check bag came out very fast. The flight crew was great and did help with a smile on their faces. Keep up the good work on all your flights.
Flight experience,Additional charge for the first check in luggage. Will not assign seats until the time of departure. Got the airfare and hotel package from JetBlue.
Delay after Delay,Seems like all airlines are no longer customer oriented. Was waiting for a flight to arrive so we could fly home and the screen just kept updating with delay times increasing every 15 minutes. Ended up being in the airport for over 5 hours after the scheduled departure time. No
Winter Recess/Spring Training trip,"Never had a problem flying with Jetblue. Although I will say while boarding my flight back to JFK, at the last second, they checked my carry-on at the gate citing it was too large. This was the exact same carry-on I was able to bring with me with absolutely no problem. No"
Becoming just another average airline,This flight was an average experience for us. Plane was on time from Orlando but an hour late leaving Mexico. It was nice having some extra leg room but that's about it. Service was about what you would expect. Seat back entertainment was so-so. Would I fly with them again? Yes.
New Airbus 321,Great plane. We booked extra legroom tons of space. Great entertainment including Prime Video. Also nice touch is self service snacks and soft drinks.
Jet Blue Is a Midlevel Carrier,"It was delayed and after we went through TSA, delayed again. We were scheduled to arrive early evening, but now it's passed the 4 and 6 year old's bedtime. And because it was late, the luggage didn't make it to our Disney hotel until 1 a.m. On the positive side, the seats were"
Horrible baggage service,"I flew JetBlue from Detroit to Boston and back. After the first flight, one of my locks was broken off my suitcase, and a zipper broken off another. On the flight back, I received my suitcase completely broken with my clothes falling out of it as I went to get it off the belt."
Losing the glitter,"Still not a bad airline but I remember them when they were new here to Boston. Now, I will give them credit for calling us when we had not shown up at the gate yet and our plane was completely boarded ( we were running a tad late). The flight attendant was nice enough but when"
comfortable!,The flight has comfortable & spacious seats. Attendants were nice & were always around to get you water & snacks. A pretty good flight overall
So much space,Jetblue advertises that they are the most spacious. I agree. Excellent service. Smooth all around. One jet was much newer than the other (nicer)
Overall very good experience,Checkins both went smoothly - we did not know at first for the Florida return trip that you had to get luggage tagged electronically but figured it out quickly. Return flight also ran almost an hour late but at least we received an email while in the airport and we did not have
Preferred Airline for Caribbean Trips,Direct flight to San Juan in extra space seats. Well worth the money in my opinion! Attendants were friendly. Food marginal. Easy flight overall.
Right on time,Usually we using JetBlue on our flights to Bogota or Cancun we never been disappointed. The service is good and you don’t get charged for everything in most part as most of the other airlines.
Easy Flights,JetBlue flights are pretty easy. We buy the extra room seats and a checked bag to add to our comfort. We left Boston in a wind storm and the pilot handled it well.
Easy,Easy. No problems leaving Havana. Good mojitos for $5 near the boarding area. I was able to use my last CUC buying gifts. Easy passport and customs in Miami. Airline was very good as usual.
GREAT !,"On time, back & forth. Comfortable. Wish they would serve food, other than snacks... Stewardess were very nice"
Non stop Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale,"This rating is 100% based on legroom. JetBlue economy class is larger than others. I no longer have status on any airline, so now when I fly it's based on price, leg room, and schedule. We will fly JetBlue to Florida again and easily recommend."
Worst airline these days,Just horrible. Endless delays multiple times in this leg. JetBlue was named worst airline by WSJ and now I know why. Funerals be damned they can't get a plane to a destination and if it effects you too bad. Terrible customer service. Terrible delays. Terrible airline. I'd
Was asked to give up seats for pilots and then rebooked seats cancelled... Had to insure lots of $,"We arrived at the airport and were asked to give up our seats for 2 pilots who needed to return. We were given 2 nights at an all inclusive in Cancun and some compensation. They rebooked up for 2 days later but not a direct flight. When we arrive in FLL, our flight was"
I took a round trip flight from SC to Florida and back in a week.,"From Charleston to Florida everything was fine. I got the extra space seat I paid extra for, and the flights left on time, the attendants were friendly and helpful. However, on my return flight. there were several delays (9:30 p.m, to 10:27pm to 10:48pm to 11:23pm and finally"
The Boston Richmond route is almost always on schedule,"I make this trip often and, usually, with last moment booking. For this trip, as with many others, I paid with points accumulated from our JetBlue MasterCard."
Jet Blues,Jet Blue used to be one of the nicest airlines .The staff was usually one of its best assets. This trip the flight attendants looked like and acted like they could not be bothered with anything. I think its time to re train the staff .
No Overbooking,"They do not over book their flights so we stressing over being bumped as in past other air lines. It was Clean and pleasant and all was how they advertised it. wi fi, TV, and seemed roomier than other flights we have been on. Even though we were delayed because of deicing it was"
STAY AWAY FROM THE CREDIT CARD,I recieved a phone call that my grandmother in Florida is in hospice. So I go online and look up flights right on the JetBlue website. I pick my flights go through the whole ordeal. When it comes to payment I noticed a banner that talks about the JetBlue credit card. So I apply
Efficient and professional,"Considering the snow and ice storms in the northeast recently, our flight out of Boston to Nassau and the return flight twelve days later were remarkably ordinary experiences. Granted, we lucked out in several ways, just missing a storm outbound and then leaving Nassau two days"
great flight,"Jet Blue is a great airline to travel with. The flight left on time and we arrived at our destination before scheduled. The pilot kept us informed about turbulence, weather conditions when we would land, and our travel time. The staff was friendly and helpful."
A notch above most deplorable economy flights,Air travel just sucks these days; I'm old enough to remember when it was almost enjoyable. Overall JetBlue tries with some success to make it tolerable. The cost of extra room is way too high but I think it's the only way to go.
Flight To Las Vegas - Nice average flight - Climate Control system having issues,The flight overall was an average flight. Crew was great. The plane was having issues with the climate control system and for over 1/2 the flight it was very uncomfortable - hot and stuffy. The media system in the seat in front of us was not working for our row. Be aware the
Worst Airline Travel Experience EVER!!!!,"Let me begin by say I will never fly Jet Blue ever again. Our flight was supposed to leave at 2:30pm and it got delayed 4 times. We were never given a reason why. 9 out of 14 of Jet Blue flights were delayed on 3/3/19. NOT GOOD!! When we finally boarded at 7:15 pm, we sat on"
Jet Blue made me sit 7 hours next to a crying baby,"Everything was great until I got to my seat on the airplane. I was sitting in the aisle of the exit row. There was a 1-year-old baby in the middle seat and her mother in the window seat. Diagonal from me, there was an entire Even More Space row open. Nobody was sitting there"
First time flying with them,"Would definitely recommend JetBlue. Service was great, friendly and accommodating staff and hasstle free flight."
Pleasant trip!,"Although we departed approximately 30 minutes late....most of the delay time was absorbed with a decent arrival time. All flight personnel were friendly and responsive. I rarely fly JetBlue, but will make a point of choosing this airline more often!"
Very nice overall,"Was an amazing flight. I TOTALLY recommend this airline. We have flew on it for quite a few years now, and have not had a bad flight yet. airplanes are a little dirty, but great for family or couple flights."
Low stress,"First trip on JetBlue and we’re on board! Comfy seats, plenty of legroom, free carry on bag, reasonably good food, beverage, and snack service."
Very good flight,We flew round trip frm Ft.Lauderdale to San Jose Costa Rica. Very good flight. Seats are very comfortable. Flight was on time.
without a hitch,"Traveled with a carryon that i checked both ways at gate no problem bag on belt when we got there . Comfortable roomy seat, beverage cart, clean and on time."
Frequent flyer,"This past year we flew more often than usual. On domestic flights, we always fly Jet Blue. Our latest flight was flawless from beginning to end."
Jetblue Rocks!!,Jetblue is one of the best if not the very best airlines! We only fly Jetblue now- the seats are roomy- they still provide drinks and unlimited snacks on International Flights. They did however start charging for baggage that is checked. You are still allowed one personal and
Mixed feelings,Staff onboard was pleasant but I think it's outrageous that JetBlue charges you for a checked bag and then per surfboard inside the bag. Other oversized bags are charged by weight and I think that would be more fair.
Flight to Turks,"Friendly staff and no delays. From my understanding, you should have wifi for the portion of the flight over the U.S....Wifi never worked and we were told if was malfunctioning."
Best Airline,Having the movies and DirecTV on each seat back makes the flight so much more enjoyable. I was able to watch 2 movies each way and the movies even played during our short wait for the runway.
Great Airline,"Great trip, friendly personnel. If only the pricing was a little more competitive. Not much competition at a local airport so prices are not cheap. Allegiant Airlines is much cheaper but flies only twice a week to Sanford, FL."
Keep it this way JetBlue!,"Everytime I enjoy repeat enjoy a flight on JetBlue I am more commited to this fine airline. No gimmicks, no false promisses, no ""you have earned so many points"" that expire and you can never use. Things are straightforward with them. And, do you know the best part? In the front"
Round trip delayed,Departed an hour later from P.R. and also delayed my trip back for almost 24 hours! Worst airline experience ever!
what a bed at a great price,"The seat, service and food were terrific along with the flight attendants. Way better than American biz class. if only they had a lounge in LAX."
frustrating,Every time I fly JetBlue I am frustrated by something. Usually it is the delays. Don't be surprised if your flight is delayed regardless of the weather. Also their online site makes it extremely difficult to check in and download it to the phone.
The seating was more spacious and I was able to sit with my travel companion and our seating had been separately,I have flown Jetblue several times and always the same end result. Courteous staff and accommodating and more leg room.
Never on time,"Every single time I've flown out of Fort Lauderdale on JetBlue our flight has been significantly delayed, often by hours. No bad weather involved either. Never again!"
Trip to New Jersey,This is my second time taking a trip today I flew from bos to ewr and when I got to airport after checking in I found out the flight was delay for 1 hour this is the second time in had the same experience .Would not use this service again .
12 Hourrrrrsssssss in wait,"Get to the Airport early to go through customs (10:30am for a 12:30 flight).....plane arrives.....crews talk, go separate ways......PA announces there is a slight delay for maintenance.....2:30 flight arrives and leaves......4:00 PA the part needed to fix you plan is arriving w/"
friendly people,"flying from DC to PBI is always a good experience. the leg room is not bad, and everything at this point is better than american, i like jetblue."
Nice Flight,"JetBlue seems to always be a nice flight. We flown JetBlue a number of times and usually have no issues. This last flight home they did rearrange our seats however. My family was not able to sit together. It wasn't awful, just annoying. Everything else was fine."
Great Flight Experience,"The JetBlue flight attendants, check in personnel were professional and very welcoming. The overhead bins were fill but JetBlue checked our bags free of charge. Although we experienced, turbulence the captain made us feel calm. I loved the fact that I was able to watch a"
I was stunned. Mint all the way,"I've known Jet Blue to be a very comfortable affordable airline. I've always appreciated their offering. I've always flown economy. Until recently! I booked a cross country flight in their Mint section and was stunned! I had my own pod. Like, all to myself. No one to ask to get"
JetBlue OK by me,Jet Blue provided a very reasonable cost flight with good overall service and easy customs process at Jet Blues own terminal. Acceptable leg room without extra cost but baggage fees were unreasonable
Delayed Delayed Delayed,"We were traveling from Austin Texas to Cancun Mexico by way of Orlando Fl. We got to Orlando with no issue around 10am. While waiting for our next flight that was supposed to leave 2pm, we were informed it was delayed until 5pm. They came back and changed the delay until 6pm"
JetBlue never let's me down...,"I chose the ""extra room"" due to the length of this flight. Great move and worth every penny! JetBlue is my ""go-to"" airline of choice always."
Let Down from JetBlue,"We recently flew from JFK to BOS and it was a nightmare. Our first flight from SAV to JFK landed at JFK around 1:30ish. From there, our flight departure time kept bouncing around due to weather in Boston. Our original departure time was 3pm, landing in Boston around 4:22pm. "
Easy traveling,"The flight was so easy. The employees were pleasant and helpful. The flight was on time. Service on the plane was good, complimentary beverages, snacks and movies (on flights 2 hrs or more). You should bring your own ear buds or headphones, otherwise buy for $5. More leg room"
"Jetblue, St Martin direct to Boston","Love the direct flight,,, but a bit pricey. Security and Jetblue check in process was quick and efficient. Once on the plane we departed quickly. During the flight, the captain explained the odd, not weather related, air pockets that were causing turbulence and a rough ride."
JetBlue Airlanes Review,"In February I visited Orlando, Florida through Jetblue airlines. It was quite comfortable and very nice, necessities should have been upgraded as the screen was quite small and blurry. There also weren’t any places to charge a device which is a big one for most flyers."
Painless!,We were well taken care of from the attendant who met us with the wheel chair before we reached check-into the attendant who wheeled him all the way to our rental car at Ft.Myers. this was reversed on the way home. Basic legroom on JetBlue is more than on most planes. Buying
Poor Customer Service,My mother paid for a round trip ticket for her to travel from Fort Lauderdale to White Plains airport. She brought all her current paperwork completed by her doctor and vet proving her dog was a service dog. They allowed her to bring her dog on the plane as a service dog from
Consistent and reliable,We have been flying JetBlue since ‘07 down to Aruba and NEVER has there been a disappointment. Some fly American or other lines but despite what others say JetBlue for us has been the most reliable and reasonable price.
JetBlue Experience,"Kiosk checkin very simple and quick. Even though flight was fully booked, boarding and deplaning process very organized. Service efficient and friendly flight attendants. Flight arrived 30 minutes early. Overall, a positive/ consistent JetBlue experience."
"They've become nickel and dimers, just like the rest","It was a good experience. Not terrific, not terrible, just good. Pros: The airport at LGA was filled with friendly, professional, assertive employees. They allowed me onto the plane without waiting, because I'm currently disabled. The flight took less time than originally"
Nice Airline Convenient Flight,We have never flown JetBlue before but were looking for a convenient flight to the island. They had convenient flight times and good prices and FLL is close to a good Holiday Inn Express we had used before. After a long and slow security screening we got on our plane and were
Great Airline Saved The Day,We arrived early to the airport in Turks and Caicos as we had been advised they had slow and very tight security. On this Saturday in January that turned out to be not necessary as the airport was not too busy. After we checked in we went for a meal upstairs and as soon as we
Skidding Down the Runway,I gave JetBlue a very good review before and since then I have flown 3 round trips (1 to Chicago and 2 to Florida) and it seems every time the plane was delayed... Our last attempt to fly last weekend to Chicago was cancelled because the flight out of Boston was cancelled. But I
JETBLUE NOT TRUSTWORTHY,"I took a flight with a 7:10am departure where we were delayed on the plane until 11:30am due to weather related issues. Before we finally took off, the gate attendant made a special trip onto the plane to tell us we would all get a $75 credit for a future flight, sweet! It's"
worst airline,"My worst experience flying in the U.S. My flight from Boston to Detroit was first delayed for 4 hours. After five hours of waiting at the airport, my flight was canceled. At the ticket counter I was told that they don't have any seat available the next day. What's worse is that"
More leg room at competitive prices,There are not many airlines that I will qualify as excellent. Jet Blue is the whole package.Will try to flight by this airline as much as possible.
What you may not know about Jet Blue......,"My daughter is currently sitting in a hotel that she could not afford to pay for due to cancellations this morning at Logan Airport. She was told by three agents that she could not get on a waitlist. She asked for assistance with meals, etc. and got an $8 voucher. She then"
Check your boarding pass,"Coming back to the US from St Maarten on a Jet Blue flight we have to catch a connection at Ft. Lauderdale. After collecting our luggage to clear custom, we found it a simple matter to drop off our large suitcase at the luggage check in belt. Then we discovered that the"
Late on return,Well organized ... good service. In flight attendant had a lot to say ...he actually tried to be a comedian but came up short.
Family Trip from SAV to JFK,"We flew on JetBlue from SAV to JFK, which was a nice flight. We arrived on time, which was great. The A320 we were on is showing its age. I know JetBlue is in the middle of refreshing their interiors, and this one needed it bad. My father-in-law (in seat 7C) had a broken tray"
I Love Flying JetBlue,"I love flying on JetBlue since they are on time, have a very friendly flight crew, provide free drinks and snack and have the best legroom around (I am 6'3"", so this is beyond important to me). Our flight from BOS to ORL was perfect and we got chatting with one of the flight"
On time boarding.,"I have been flying Jetblue for a quite a long time, since the beginnings of the airline. its major characteristic is good service and punctuality."
Nice and Easy,JetBlue extra legroom seats give you tons of space and best of all early boarding to ensure access to overhead bins. The customer service is always very good. The family enjoys the free wifi and lots of in flight entertainment options. The snacks are great too.
Birthday Trip,"Had a wonderful experience flying Jetblue. Everything went smooth, the seating was comfortable, actually felt like I had enough leg room! Best part was that I was flying on my birthday and the staff gave me a wonderful birthday card and a free drink for my birthday! What a"
Unsatisfied,Prefer JetBlue & usually don’t even compare prices. 2nd time flew JetBlue & all the entertainment monitors were out of service. Wrote JetBlue and received a $15 credit for 1 and nothing for 2nd. Time to start comparing fares since can’t count on their entertainment system
Impeccable Service in handling special needs,"JetBlue offered friendly, efficient, and impeccable support in helping my youngest sister (requiring a wheelchair) and I navigate through both the DC and Orlando airports. The JetBlue airport staffs and ground crews were helpful and experienced. The flight crews were friendly"
Pleasantly surprised,"Enjoyed the flight. Very nice employees who were smiling all the time. Flights were pretty much on time. Seemed to have more legroom than some other airlines. It’s small thing really, but they actually gave out snacks which turned out to be a big thing. They do charge for"
Direct flight Boston to New Orleans,"One of the few airlines that fly direct from Boston to New Orleans. Pleasant, decent legroom, and happy flight attendants. Free entertainment is a bonus. Bring some snacks because the ""eat 'em up"" boxes are pricey and small. One of my favorite domestic airlines. The"
LOVE JETBLUE!!,Love the big seats they have with tons of space. Each person has a monitor and free tv. Love the free wifi and delishous snacks they provide. The staff was very friendly. The check in and boarding process was a snap. I tell everyone Jetblue is hands down the best airline. I hope
Where are all the good reviews coming from?,I’m wondering if they are incentivizing people to write positive reviews. They cancelled my flight the night before my flight due to weather. All my coworkers took off on other airlines at the same time as my flight. They rebooked me for a 1 stop flight (original was direct) a
"Love JetBlue - Quick flight, great flight attendants and free entertainment!",I have flown several times from MSP to Boston and they are my new favorite airline to Boston. Prices are great and if you have their JetBlue card you can save on in-flight beverages and luggage.
Flight crew,The crew was veryfriendly and professional.the flight was on time well directed and service was great.
Weather delay my foot,"I’ll start by saying we had a perfectly fine flight down to the Caymans. Comfortable economy seats, good entertainment, WiFi made for easy flight. Not so our return flight. We were aware of weather issues in NY and that the flight would have a delayed arrival in the Caymans."
Trip home from the desert,My husband and I had a flight booked home after a Week in Palm Springs. We fly JetBlue whenever possible. It is hands down our preferred airline. We got word that we were going to have snow in Boston on the day if our return. I called the airline to see if we could leave
Always a great choice,"I'm finding myself opting more and more for JetBlue when I have a choice. Its service is always reliable; its JFK terminal wonderful in terms of dining and shopping options, spaciousness, attractiveness, and cleanliness, its ground and flight crews warm and friendly (and very"
Not what I expected,"So tired of the cattle call of Southwest! I came upon a great deal with Jet Blue and decided to give it a try. The employees were very friendly and helpful. I chose my seat! No paying extra to try to get in line ""A"". You do have to pay extra for bags but even at that, my"
Speedy Flight,This is the 4th year in a row that I have flown JetBlue to Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. The flight down and back to JFK were the speediest flights I have taken in the 4 trips. It usually takes around 3 hours and 20 minutes to fly to Punta Cana but this flight took
Plesent flight,"The plane is an Airbus 320 twin jet. Smaller and older plane with 2 seats each side of the row. Seats are leather. Staffs are friendly and attentive. Over head bins are limited and small. So if you have a luggage, you would need to placed it sideways."
Great Flight,"JetBlue was a great flight. Had a touch screen where you could watch Tv, watch flight details (miles, height etc). Attendants were amazing. Had some high winds but pilot made it and easy flight"
Smooth Skies,"Excellent flight. As a nervous flier, I did not even know we had taken off. This was one of the best flights I have ever been on. Coffee, tea, water, juice, soda continuously offered. Never ending snacks and drinks available - help yourself to the see thru pantry to as much as"
Worst travel experience ever,This is the worst travel experience I have ever had. Started with first flight cancelled in Puerto Plata. Had to pay $120 for taxi to Santiago. Spent 8 hours there only to discover they cancelled that flight. Another 2+ taxi ride to Santo Domingo only to find out the flight is
Another ordeal,"We booked Jet Blue in November to attend a function in South Florida. On the flight down we had a 2 hour delay and almost missed the function. For the return trip, we received info in the early afternoon that our late afternoon flight back home was delayed multiple hours. The"
Great Flight,JetBlue never disappoint us. Reasonable price to fly. Just wish more legroom are less expensive and flight crews are more helpful with your carry on instead of trying to clean the airplane for the next flight.
Dumbest service ever,"Dumbest service ever .. they will never get Gate to park , they will take forever to unload baggage .. they screwed up my vacation completely , please never ever prefer JetBlue trust me their service really sucks"
Jet Blue cancelled my flight and couldn't get me on a flight for FOUR days later!,Jet Blue cancelled my flight due to snow. Woke up this morning and NO SNOW on the ground whatsoever. The next flight they could get me on was FOUR DAYS LATER!!!! Costing me over $1000 in hotel changes and other penalty fees. Jet Blue was never apologetic and never tried to
Good service and a pleasant flight.,Was very happy with Jet Blue especially since I had a baggage mix up and Jet Blue took care of the problems and helped me every step of the way.
Adequate,"What you get with JetBlue is a seat (a decent one), a small snack (a small bag of chips) and some water. Blankets and headphones are for a fee. Both out planes (an A321 going out and an A320 coming back) had entertainment screens with some movies. The audio jack is standard so"
Wonderful Experience on Jet Blue!,"We have always loved Jet Blue, but our recent experience made us love it even more! As Mosaic members, we get certain perks, such as separate check in, early boarding, and free drinks. This is definitely something I recommend working towards - it is so worth it! The flight"
Great flight,Was a smooth process from check in to security the only problem was no satellite for most of the flight but as usual jet blue was perfect
Nice flight and crew,I really enjoy JetBlue and choose to travel the airline whenever possible. I don’t like how they moved to boarding “zones”. I tend to travel without checking a bag and now it’s very difficult to guarantee that you will get your bag on if you are Zone C. Fortunately I didn’t have
Good Ride,"Comfortable seats with adequate leg room, Free wi-fi, abundant free snacks, smooth flying, on time take-off and landing"
Pick another airline,Ruined the Disney trip because they canceled but other airlines in the same area did’t cancel. Waited for years to go. Upsetting.
Very comfortable,"For a budget airline it’s very good, you get a lot of legroom and nice comfortable leather seats. You even get free snacks and a drink on board. All the staff seem really friendly and helpful, I would recommend"
Jet Blue not for you,"A few weeks ago after a bad experience with my Jet Blue booking, I filled out the survey they sent me requesting my feedback. I answered honestly about my disatisfaction and stated that my upcoming flight in three weeks may be my last. I heard no response, fast forward to the"
First flight with JetBlue and never again,"I decided to give a try with Jet Blue, long story short - 4 times delayed flight - late in from destination, leak in the toilet, no available flight attendant - substitute needs 1 hour and a half to arrive. Usually flight attendants on call are in the airport or 15 min away -"
Great Flight and Great Value,"We had a wedding in New Jersey and had never used Jet Blue before. Before our flight I had questions about in flight entertainment. I used the chat feature to ask question and it was fast, efficient and easy. The website was easy to book a flight. The in flight entertainment is"
wonderful,"wonderful flight there and back,,,,there was only 13 people on the flight to Minnesota and not a real full flight when we came home,,,,very courteous staff thank you and I got to watch Bohemian Rhapsody,,,wonderful movie , cheap flight , 2 roundtrip tickets cost us $250 way"
on time friendly and nor full,Leaves early and gets you to the islands early. You have the whole afternoon. The crew was friendly and helpful. It's a direct flight.
On Time Departures/Arrivals Lacking,We have booked several tropical trips through JetBlue Vacations. We have been disappointed with delayed departures/arrivals on each of our trips. When trying to get the most of each vacation day and planning to arrive to destinations by noon or 1 p.m. and then have it be 4 or 5
Not very nice,Our flight was delayed for about two and a half hours. Our gate was changed three times. It was a mess and unprofessional. The airport is over crowded. Sorry because once you're in the plane everything is nice.
Disappointing,"I’ve used JetBlue on domestic flights and generally like this carrier, which is why I was shocked to find this direct flight for which I paid over a grand to be old and dingy. The my tv (as well as the person’s next to me) only worked sporadically, and when there was picture,"
Always a smooth flight,I love Jetblue! I have yet to have a grumpy flight attendent or pilot. The airport staff on the other hand a little too hard core. The terminals were well lit and comfortable.
Jetblue,the flight was delayed two times.the attendants were very nice. The pilot was informative.good landing
JetBlue is the way to go!,"Every time I fly(about 5 times a year), I always see if JetBlue flies where I want to go first. Partly because I am tall and their coach class has more legroom,having free individual entertainment is important to me, and price is always right. The flight crew is always helpful"
Self,"I only pray I do not have to use this airline again. My flight from Lima was delayed 5 hrs in Miami 4 hrs. Our departing gate was changed 3 times in 4 hrs, the personnel rude and unprofessional, no we are sorry or anything like that."
Orlando Flight,Jet Blue has been great. Love the friendly service and the amenities. Always has been a smooth boarding process.
Best Airlines,"The best way to fly, Most leg room, TV Screen on the back of ever seat with lots of free channels and movies on international flights. Free soft drinks and unlimited snacks."
Screwed us big time on our schedule! Poorly handled snow delay!,There was crazy weather...snow in Las Vegas...not their fault. BUT..it started in the evening and we had a 6am flight. JetBlue announced a delay to 12pm for the flight. We called JetBlue and said our flight is delayed for snow in Vegas until noon...when do we need to get to
Small uncomfortable seats and no yummy snacks anymore,"I'm 6' 2"" tall and while I fit in the seat, my knees/shins were constantly rubbing against the seat in front of me. Our in flight movies didn't work and the seat cushion was compressed and not very comfortable. The flight staff was excellent...polite and nice. JetBlue has"
awesome trip,"the front rows are the best to choose, and the flights are on time ,and the staff were very friendly, I would recommend it."
Smooth trip door to door,"My wife and I flew to Ft. Myers to visit family. We flew JetBlue as my preferred airline for several years now, and once again we were happily satisfied with the flight. The check in process was seamless in the face of the government shutdown. Boarding was quick and painless"
No compensation of a HUGE inconvenience,Unacceptable rebooking option for a cancelled flight. I cannot complain loud enough. I regret booking with this airline. NEVER AGAIN. It is ending up costing me me the same amount of money to fly at the last minute with American...so next time I will just pay the extra $ and
Horrible service.,They cancelled a direct flight arriving at 9PM. They reschedule me on a flight with a 5 hour layover to get me in the next morning at 9AM. HORRIBLE OPTION.
My favorite airline!,"I love how they always have FREE TV, FREE movies, FREE non-alcoholic drinks and FREE snacks. I don't think any other airline offers this for a reasonable airfare. The flight attendants are always very nice. The seats are more spacious than the other Economy airline seats. "
Disaster Averted,"Two ""octogenarians"" arrive at Logan about 5:30am for a 7:50 flight to Barbados. No boarding passes . . . small problem. No passports . . . BIG PROBLEM ! ! Both were left in Bedford about 15 miles northwest of Logan. A call to a daughter in Acton (another 15 miles"
"Bad weather, flight delays, staff friendly, jet clean",Flight attendants kept us well informed of delays due to weather. Jet clean and reasonably comfortable. Movies available were a great distraction. Snacks for a long flight were...less that good. Staff friendly and helpful at the airports.
Very. Good,Very. Nice. Flight. Service. On time keeping. You. With. Update tell you about weather fly attendants was. Very. Nice. Good. Service
Always the best,"Love jet blue, always try to fly wth them. Have never had any issues. Staff is super friendly and accommodating ."
safe trip,"ran smoothly..friendly attendants, comfortable seats, ample leg room..boarding and deplaning was smooth and efficient.."
Good flight,"With Jetblue , everything is easy. Booking the flight was a breeze. The flight crews need help cleaning the plane with special cleaning crews. The Wifi is very slow. The flight was delay but no special offer to the customers. Anyway, It was a good flight."
Direct flight,"We like the direct flight from DC to Jacksonville. JetBlue has always been good for us. It was the Embraer Jet which has smaller overhead bins, but our bags fit fine. Flights were smooth and on time. Very much enjoyed free WiFi and entertainment, but the tv screen wasn’t"
Always easy and straightforward,"JetBlue is by far my favorite airline. You always know what to expect, they keep it easy and simple. Consistency is key when it comes to an airline, and they nail it. This plane was equipped with charging ports under each seat, so I was able to keep my laptop juiced for the"
Never a problem,We love JetBlue. Never a problem and we travel with a handicapped daughter and companion/service dog. Never a problem with her equipment or the dog. Very friendly people.
Good flight,"On time, smooth flight, friendly service. Like being able to have a direct flight. No problems with any part of flight."
They were better,"The AC was cold. Ff you sat next to a window, the vent blew directly o your shoulder. On the return flight there was no TV. I still did not received a credit voucher as they promised."
Flight from JFK to La Romana Dominican,"Flight was ok, don't have problem. The service was good, flight attendants very friendly. The only issue is a electronic devices chargers. There are no outlets on the plane. Also the seats foam needs to be replace, too old and very soft."
Excellent flight,Excellent flight com and going even though there was a radar problem. The flight crew kept us informed.
Flights to Florida on JetBlue,"We like to fly directly from BOS to any airport in Florida. It is direct, convenient and the flights are usually on time.The crew are friendly and have always been a pleasure every time I have flown. The pilots are always thanking passengers on the way out...and do a great job!"
GREAT FLIGHT,Boarding was smooth with no delays. Flight travel was smooth as well with great service. An overall good flight.
Sxm trip,"I gave this review a 10 due to the customer service of a JetBlue. They are great to work, always polite, professional and pleasant!"
My favorite!,"Always a great flight experience, usually on time, good snacks ,Tvs, I have a credit card, so flying free! In April!"
We Always Choose JetBlue,Love JetBlue. Free TV and snacks also you can take a carry on without paying extra. Just make sure you check the measurements of your carry on. It feels like there is more leg room.
BEST AIRLINE EVER,"in my opinion: (Now I've taken JETBLUE for many years but most recently when my dad got ill in Aug. 2018-2019 - flew twice a month) This airline is almost always on time, accommodating when they can, and have the friendliest staff."
Wonderful service,"We had a excellent flight, the staff is friendly and professional, we got early y very smooth flight. We had a free snacks, thanks for you attentive service"
Tulum vacation 2019,"Flight was delayed over 1 hour, once on the plane the staff did a great job. Soda and snacks were served by the staff. The pilots kept us informed of any turbelance and did a great job."
Still like the airline but planes are getting old.,"Let me start by saying I travel often for work (3 flights a month easily). JetBlue was my go to. The fact that they didn't charge for luggage, the staff was friendly, the planes were clean. Today- DON'T bank on the entertainment systems working (past 3 flights they did not) "
Many hours on JetBlue - good and bad,We found a really terrific deal on JetBlue to San Juan via JFK. The 2 flights to San Juan were pleasant enough considering we were in ecomony. The staff are helpful and pleasant. No meals but plenty of drinks and snacks. The trip from San Juan to JFK was on a very nice plane
flight was nice and fun,"staff was helpful and kind, overall, it was great. we booked a flight for us with 4 kids and during online check-in, we got all separated seats. however, the flight attendant at the gate was able to sit us all together (though it was on the last row) the entertainment selection"
Packed like sausages,"We upgraded to more room. Yes, there is more leg room BUT two men weighing 275 lbS. CANNOT sit side by side. I had to sit in the middle to make it a little more comfortable for the men. As such I could not use my arm rest, it was squishing the passenger to my left. I"
"Great connection to LaRomana, DR","We always prefer JetBlue.Looks like they have more space for your legs. Also if you are going to any resort in LaRomana, Dominican republic,flight is very convenient. It is short distance from the airport."
Jetbleu Thank you,"I couldn't believe the service on that flight. Served free of charge water or soda or coffee Snacks, little packages with ear plug and eye covert, Had TV's chose Ur own show or movie. Also Omar on the staff member was such a delight. Treated people the way he wanted to be"
This is my favorite way to fly,"jetBlue has been my favorite airline for years. They have all the services that you expect from an airline, snacks, on-board entertainment, roomy seats, and they don't nickel and dime you for everything."
AMAZING AIRLINE! MUST READ REVIEW!,"JetBlue is an amazing company that goes above and beyond even the snobbiest of expectations. From wheels up to wheels down, the flight attendants and physical hardware of the plane(s) make you feel as if you're in a luxury jet. I know what you're thinking: ""When is this guy"
Good Flight,"First time flying JetBlue, our flights were on time, the crew was friendly and very accommodating. My husband loved he could watch TV on the flight and was able to track our flight in air."
THANK GOD FOR JETBLUE,What a delight. Non-stop. If you are flying into So. Cal. Ontario airport on JetBlue is the way to go. I was on the maiden flight going into Ontario last Sept. They baptized the plane upon landing in Ontario. A welcoming committee greeting us with gift bags & tables of food
New nonstop service,"This is a relatively new route for JetBlue - non stop service from West Palm Beach to Providence RI (my 2 favorite airports!!) and I hope they NEVER stop!! JetBlue has inflight entertainment (bring your headphones/buds), roomier seats and legroom without having to spend extra"
Not much to complain about in todays airline world,"I make frequent trips with Jet Blue and really have not much to complain about. I miss the days when an airline gave you a ""real"" meal, but Jet Blues tappas boxes arent all that bad. The crew is always warm and friendly and they have a great on time rate. Aisle seat tend to be"
Seat More Roomy Than Expected,I was pleasantly surprised at how roomy the seat was. I also appreciated choosing my seat in advance rather than rushing in the plane to find a seat (Southwest Airlines).
Jet Blue always,"I've been traveling to and from West Palm Beach for many years and Jet Blue is the BEST. Comfortable, efficient and friendly. I've had a client book me on another airline in the past and was VERY disappointed. U akway come back to Jet Blue."
Love flying jetblue,"Have been flying on jetblue to NY for many years and have always been pleased with their service, the staff is very pleasant, courteous and have never encountered any major problems with service or flight. Flights were always on time with the exception of some minor delays. "
Flying on JetBlue,"We arrived from Istanbul in New York and they said there would be a storm so they canceled all fights for the afternoon and night. Their flights were fully booked and they didn't put us up, and they don't partner with any other airlines so we couldn't take another flight. We had"
Wonderful flight!!,"First time w/ these guys & I HIGHLY recommend!! :-) Not one stewardess acted like passengers were a bother rather they were very self-driven to make sure you were comfortable & had everything you needed. I was asked multiple times if I needed anything, another snack, water,"
Birthday Trip,"The flight was on time, I always appreciate the extra leg room space. We also had a safe landing. The in flight service is cool, I just think they can give more than just chips for a snack on a 4 hr flight."
Last minute flight,"Our original flight was canceled with Delta because of bad weather . We were able to book JetBlue at the last minute. The crew were extremely kind, polite, and accommodating. The early AM flight was on time ~ and smooth!!"
Surprisingly good,"Went onto this flight after returning from South America via 2 flights on a different airline. Of the three flights the JetBlue has the most legroom, decent snacks, and solid service. Although clearly an older plane it seemed well maintained and the crew was professional."
"Overall great as always, but can improve a couple of things.","JetBlue did not disappoint. Another great flight on their spanking new A321 (our plane was only 1.5 years old). It looks, smelled and felt brand new. Great snacks, as usual (that you can also take when you needed from a special closet in the middle of the plain). Good coffee and"
Delayed both ways but still preferred airline,"4 of us travelled to Chicago and back to Boston. Both ways the flight was delayed. The communication was great from the airlines. I received texts and emails so I was aware of the delay and could plan accordingly. Staff was courteous, as usual"
Best Domestic Airline,"Welcome on board with a smile, very helpful to handle my carry-on luggage, supplied soft drinks and snacks several times when requested, waived goodbye with thank-you smile"
"lots of leg room, clean, great customer service","I love Jet Blue I try to book all my flights on this airline because it provides great leg room, good schedule, and wonderful customer service."
when all goes well its good .....,no problems on this flight ...and thankfully did not require any assistance from crew at JFK.... we know how that would have worked out ….when all goes according to plan JETBLUE get the job done....but if there is a problem ...THEY SUCK
Rude unfriendly gate agent and stewardes,"Recently I flew on Jet blue on Feb 12th from Orlando to San Juan, and besides the flight being overbook, the gate agents were very rude and unfriendly, I had a situation were I was bringing a gift (cowboy hat) for my son and i had a carry on with expensive electrobic equipment. "
On time,"The service was on time and the stewards were friendly and attentive. Also the additional leg room makes all the difference. Bags came out in a timely manner and because of that, getting to our connecting flight was a breeze. Will be using them again in the near future."
VERY GOOD SERVICE,I was traveling with my son on this flight. We had good seats in Economy Class which is surprising since most airlines are shrinking the distance between the seats. A pleasant assortment of snack and drinks were offered. The Flight Attendants were all pleasant. The bathrooms
Always a great experience,We love flying JetBlue! Always friendly and accommodating staff. We have chosen to fly with JetBlue over the last 15 years and have not been disappointed. From the staff in the waiting to board areas to the pilots and flight crew. Never a grim face or unfriendly voice. The staff
First time on jetBlue was very pleasant,"Had extended leg room on this flight. It was one of the new stretch 737's. Enjoyed their anytime drinks (non-alcoholic) and weird snack service (never seen most of the snacks before). Overall, it was a pleasant flight."
Late Blue,"Multiple delays for departure frp FTL Multiple delays and gate changes returning from JAX Flight itself, seating, stewardess. etc. all very good and would have earned higher stars if it werent for the delays."
For Fun,I love flying on JetBlue I have never had any bad experience with this airline. Like that a can fly to Orlando non stop I am going again in April
jet blue,"On time, non stop no complaints! Crew could not have been nicer and comfortable flight and arrival was 15 minutes early"
Smooth flight,Choose this flight for the direct service to Ft. Lauderdale to board a cruise. Flight was on time and everything went very smoothly. Not bad for a discount airline.
Mediocre,"Flew from Bradley to DC without a problem, however on the return trip we were delayed an hour , and then more and more until 2.5 hour delay to depart secondary to mechanical issues, awaiting new flight staff. They did a good job of keeping us up to date but frustrating having to"
Fly JetBlue!,"I love JetBlue! Roomy seats, they still give you a drink and a snack. I am able to watch a choice of movies or a tv show, just to pass the time on my flight - at no extra charge. But remember to bring ear buds."
No problems,"Our flight was on time, the attendants and all personnel were very friendly. We did not have any problems at all."
The Best price and leg space,"I have been flying JetBlue for many years now, and I will continue doing it not only because the low price and the confortable leg space ln the economic side, but because if in top of that you put the free movies and the excellent service provided by the crew, flying Jet Blue is"
AWESOME,"Uh what can I say. Safety is my most important factor on a flight and I felt completely safe. Great service, flight attendees always try to make sure everyone was taken care of."
Great Airline,"As we planned our trip to Costa Rica, we found out that JetBlue is one of the airlines that services that area. The fare was well within reason and we enjoy the services they provide. If you need a little more legroom, JetBlue does provide some seats that you can stretch for an"
Love flying with JetBlue,"Today with delays with security, weather, and mechanics, I have to say Jetblue usually makes the best of a situation. The staff has been courteous and patient. Truly things are out of their control. It is not easy dealing with today’s “demanding “ society. Shout out to the men"
"Comfortable flights, long layover","Jetblue has very comfortable & clean jets. Wish they had more destinations out of Detroit. Caught a return flight out of Santiago. Price was right, layover in Boston was a bit long but got to see more of the lovely Dominican Republic."
Great Airline.... That Jet Blue!!,As always My family and I had another great experience on our trip to San Juan. It begins at the check in process which begins on the app and ends sitting in your seat with an excellent flight crew!! Thank You Jet Blue
Love Jet Blue,Very comfortable and spacious seats. Extremely friendly and helpful crew. I love to fly jet blue. Wish they would not package with spirit.
Value for Money,"The flight is direct. Reasonable price point with excellent customer service. I like that the cabin space has more leg room than most. For an economy airline, I don't think you can get better service. It does not feel 'cheap' like some other budget airlines."
Family reunion vacation,"My husband and I try only to fly Jet Blue from JFK where they are direct flights to almost every carribean island. The quality of service is exceptional, either on the ground, over the phone or in the air."
JetBlue set thngs right,"Our original flight ended up being delayed for 5 1/2 hours so we checked with customer service at the gate and they booked us on the same flight, our option, for the next day..and upgraded our seats to Even More Space seats which I appreciate being over 6 foot 2 in. Kudos to"
Compare to other major airlines,Most of the times it is good airline to fly with. But it is hit or miss with the crew. I guess it takes a lot of patience to deal with public.
vaction easy to get on easy to get off,jet blue is all ways good i like this airline the people are always friendly and helpful i will use them again
"Courteous service, extremely helpful with mobility scooter","My wife and I have now flown twice on JetBlue's service to Fort Lauderdale in the past few months and have experienced excellent service from their personnel. I use a mobility scooter and they have been extremely helpful in assisting. I drive it down to the door of the plane,"
My preffered Airline,Love traveling through Jetblue never have had an issue with my flighta and the experience is always pleasant this must be the 10th time ive flown with them love it.
JetBlue is Still the Best but Plane was Filthy,"JetBlue staff and flight attendants were awesome!!!! Unfortunately, we couldn’t hear or understand the cockpit announcements. Seats, tray tables, arm rests, light & air controls were FILTHY!!!! Seriously ... all airlines need to take some time and thoroughly clean the dirt"
Always great service on jetBlue - Mint takes it the the next level,"I had a choice between United business class and JetBlue Mint and I'm so glad I went with Mint. Super friendly service, new airplane and very creative food options. Also JetBlue is flying out of a new terminal at SFO so lots of food and drink options even if you aren't"
Flight review,This airline is great for a bargain. I have flown them 4 round trip flights in 2 months. They're good to the people. Very helpful. Great price. Very communicative when gate changes. Comfortable seats. Good choice of TV channels
Best bang for your buck,"I have nothing but praise for JetBlue. From the assigned seating, free WiFi, or the snack choices, they also have better pilots. The landings are smooth. The staff are friendly. And the seating has bit more leg room. You can't go. And they're one of the most affordable airlines."
Jetblue,"Since 2007 I have been using Jetblue, they have always been accommodating and a pleasure to fly. The airport crew was also very helpful especially since i let my daughter fly alone for the first time. They got a chuckle out of me and tried to make me feel better."
First luggage free,I travel often with this company because as a few delays flies the sits on the plane are comfortable and has space for your legs. The first luggage is free of charge. The have excellent customer service They are happy to help you or answer questions and they give you small
"How Do I Love Thee, JetBlue?","How do I love thee, JetBlue? Let me count the ways.... Making reservations is easy and being able to choose our seats online is groovy. Checking in 24 hours in advance really helps, especially during high traffic times of the year. Additionally, we love, love, love being able to"
THE WAY TO FLY,"Flew down to Jamaica and then back one week later. The flight originates in NY in the morning and returns the same afternoon. So half of the flight crew was comprised of the same people. They were very friendly, accomodating and professional. The flights ended up arriving early"
JetBlue,Have been flying JetBlue since it was conceived. I have flown from Rochester to New York many times before moving to Charleston SC I have flown to FLL also and Havana a few times. For cleanliness 10 On Time 9 Economy or premium Seats 10 Snacks on short flights 5 Flight
My only domestic airline choice - Jet Blue,"If I had a choice Jet Blue would be my only destination for domestic travel. It's the only airline that you can actually open a laptop on the pull-down tray (and see the screen). Add to that free wifi, free TV and entertainment and an actual honest attempt at customer"
"Great Trip, Friendly service","We booked a round trip flight non-stop both ways, We had no complaints, to Boson everything was on time and we received a free bag check (nice not to carry on) The flight back was delayed in Boston so we had to wait 3 hours and change concourses but again received a free baggage"
Awesome experience and comfort!,"Nothing to complain about here...great staff that was friendly, helpful and efficient. The pilots were fantastic, smooth ride. My husband is 6'9"" and had a comfortable seat with leg room - with other airlines he has had to be in the exit row or first class, was not a"
4- Stars for overall legroom and amenities.Lost a star for delays,"Any time I travel North or somewhere JetBlue flies, I fly their carrier. They haven't added rows of seats to force you into a sardine can-like vise (I'm talking to you, AA), and only recently added a checked bag charge. We try to do carry on- so that has not affected us yet."
"When it’s good, it’s very good...but when it’s bad—it’s horrid","Stranded on the return flight. JetBlue would only replace with a flight out 4 days later. While the airline claimed it was weather related, the forecasters all predicted JFK and vicinity would be fine. Then, JetBlue had no plan B. Ultimately had to scramble for a flight and"
"JetBlue...on time, every time (at least for us)","MOVIES, GPS, INTERNET, ALL FOR FREE!!! We expected the leg room to be a little tight, and it was on the first leg of our journey. When we boarded our connection from Fort Lauderdale, the leg room was excellent. If I could fly JetBlue all the time, I most certainly would!!!"
Good service,"On the outbound trip we had bad weather so it was delayed about 5 hours, but they kept updating us on a cfcxx regular basis. The return trip was flawless. My only complaint is that the TVs haven't worked on my last 3 JB flights. They need to do some serious maintenance."
Per usual,JetBlue was and is a pleasure to fly. On time and great flight attendants. If possible I will always fly this airline.
Get away,Great.flight. One of the smoothest landing ever. Will definitely use them again.Attendants were pleasant and friendly.
Would fly again,"Jetblue only flies out of Alaska in the summer but would use them again. Reasonable priced, flight attendants were attentive and professional. The staff in the airport was very nice and helpful. We were assisted in changing our two aisle seats for seats next to each other"
Great RT flight.,All on-time flights from Pittsburgh to San Diego through Boston and back. Great service from start to finish. I highly recommend this airline and they always have good promotions.
Short Flight to California,Took a short trip to Disneyland in December. Flight was booked solid. Easy to board. Not so easy to get off of plane when we landed in Long Beach. No control what so ever. But it was a pleasant trip.
Always JetBlue,"I love the price and airline! It’s so easy to fly JetBlue! From boarding experience to in-flight commodity to picking up luggage at carrousel! I just wish there were more flights offer.., like Mexico to LAX!!!! Then I wouldn’t have to choose another airline."
Lutheran Church (ELCA),"On time, very comfortable. Service staff efficient and professional. Boarding and deboarding went smoothly."
My go to airline,"Jet Blue is my first choice for flying. They are well managed, have a high on time rate, and their staff is excellent."
Great flights,"Flights were comfortable both ways flight attendants were excellent, I had no tv on the trip back to Boston"
Blue or Alaska or Better to Hitchhike,"As Delta increasingly resembles the great herd of unbookable major carriers, just getting onto a JetBlue flight is kind of like returning home to San Francisco. Sure: it's not perfect, and you have your problems with both yourself and your city, but it sure as hell beats going"
Economy Seating Comfort,"Living near Newark Airport, we usually fly United. Our last trip was best served by JetBlue, so we made the switch. We were very impressed with the seat comfort--wider seats and definitely more leg room, even in economy. I'm short but even I feel cramped in United's economy"
JetBlue won't give you the Blues !,"Courteous staff ,quick and easy boarding and great movie selection .The flight was smooth and ahead of time."
Roundtrip Flight from Boston to San Francisco,"We paid the slight upgrade to more legroom and it was heavenly. The service was great, the food just fine, the flight attendants professional and helpful, and both ways were on-time."
"No Fly-fi, no movies, no refunds","I booked a flight on this airline based on both past experience and their in-flight wifi and tv's in the seat backs. 15 minutes prior to boarding, we were told that none of that was working on this flight. To make matters worse, the tv's were mostly ""on"" with no picture"
AWESOME TRIP,"Uneventful, accommodating staff, smooth flight, on time departure with early arrival. been taking this a flight for the last few years"
Group Trip,Out trip was originally supposed to include Key West flight however the flight was changed around and we would not have been able to make a connecting flight in Ft. Lauderdale . I am glad that Jet Blue let us know this with plenty of time to make other arrangements since there
Great flights,"JetBlue provided a great flight, as always. We will always try to fly JetBlue first before all other airlines."
Nice comfortable flight,"After being on a United Express Flight, JetBlue is much better. I am a big guy and most airline seats are very uncomfortable, however for a few dollars more you can request more leg room seats on most flight, you get about 6 more inches which comes in handy when you are 6'4"""
Perfect Flight,"JetBlue has been rated #1 Airline of North America for 3 years in a row by Business Travel. Today, I proved that correct. When we got on our flight, the flight attendants apologized to us about our delayed flight (we departed Reno at 1:47am instead of 11:50pm). They offered us"
Can't beat the direct flight Boston to Mexico City,"Only glitch is the flight leaves from the domestic terminal, so everyone needs to check in at gate for passport verification. Direct flight saves so much time. Not a big JetBlue presence in Mexico City so when our flight home was cancelled, due to bad weather in Boston, it took"
NAMM 2019 Flight,Jetblue is my most frequent airline of choice. This was a great flight from FLL as it was non stop. As usual the flight attendants were great.
Good flight,Very good flight no complaints . Big selection from the movie and music library .It was good spent time
Service with a smile,Gate agents in CLT were incredibly helpful when American canceled all flights on an icy day. I was able to re-book on Jet Blue at a very fair price - and the gate agent made a very stressful situation pleasant. Favorite airline - fly JetBlue whenever I can.
BOS To Long Beach,It was a long flight (7+ hrs) due to the headwinds but Jet Blue has good options at the seat to keep you busy. Movies are free and there are a lot of tv shows to watch as well. Even though we were planning on 6 hrs and it wound up being 7+ they still did a good job. Flight
Good low cost flight!,"Hour long trip was worth the savings. Flight was on time, service was good, and pilots were friendly. Was hesitant to book this airline, but overall was very satisfied. Will definitely try them again."
Delayed,I have flown several times over the past year from JFK to TPA. The flight attendants are adequate in their jobs. The gate agents are pleasant enough. As far as on time performance out of Tampa they are always delayed.
Great flights,I used to always fly United. They were always a little cheaper. Recently I have found their seats to be too close and every flight has been uncomfortable. My husband and I have back and leg issues and it was just not good anymore. We decided to try Jetblue and we're totally
Consistently my favorite!,"Beautiful plane with ample leg room. Though a long flight for me in general, it was great all around. Flight crew was efficient and pilots kept us informed about turbulence."
JetBlue is the best!,"JetBlue has been my go-to airline for years! Unlimited snacks, on-board WiFi and entertainment, great service always! Carry-on and a personal item is free."
Great Flight,"Clean, on time, variety of snacks, and polite crew. What more could you ask for. The flight was inexpensive and experience was great. I will fly Jetblue again."
The best airline still with customer care touch,"Like: JetBlue beats bigger airline on their customer care touch. They offer a variety of snacks, TV channels and music on their flight. Their price is very competitive as well. Dislike: They charge $30 for the first luggage and $40 for second. Also nickle and dime you for"
Best experience in any Airline,Best flght of my life. WI FI during the flight. The crew asked mw which drink I prefer I let me choose any beverage. The check in quickest as you cant imagine. Congrats JETBLUE!
Doubt I'll ever fly any other domestic airline again.,"From the time we went to check it, until the time we deplaned, we were treated with politeness, courtesy and smiles. Everyone was fantastic. Food was excellent. Space was roomy. WiFi, and inflight TV was also available, and with loads of options on what to watch. Excellent"
Amazing customer service. Great flight experiences,Was visiting my daughter and she was emergently admitted to the hospital on the day I was to fly. Customer service rep helped me to cancel flight with no fees and no problem. Love flying this airline. Great legroom . Great snacks and IFE. Along with great service. I fly
JetBlue Mint To Aruba Is Amazing,"When you're ready to treat yourself to a first class experience, fly JetBlue Mint. We flew from Boston to Aruba and the time passed so quickly because we were comfortable, had lots of great free movies to choose from, and the food was amazing. There were also other little"
Direct Flight,We did a Jet blue vacation from Boston with a direct flight to Aruba. It was great trip and un eventful.
Great flight,"Another great flight on JetBlue. Departed on time landed safely ahead of schedule! Polite service from check in , stewards as well as the captain and co pilot!"
wow the best for seniors,from the wheel chair service to comfortable seat with good leg room to wifi free on board movies snacks and drinks all free my favorite airlines
Take Flight,"Jetblue's customer service agents were very professional - from the check-in agent to the flight attendants. We boarded on time and they provided information in a timely manner. The only concern is that with the paid checked baggage, the overhead bins fill quickly so if you are"
On time departures and early arrivals both ways,On time departures and early arrivals both ways Extra snacks provided and very friendly staff. Extra legroom than other airlines
Our top Choice,"Comfortable and quick flight. Arrived quicker than expected, smooth fight. Soda, coffee, water and pretzels were served. I don’t like flying, but felt safe and secure flying wth JetBLue."
I Love flying Jetblue,I love traveling Jet blue the flight attendants are always nice and friendly. I'm always comfortable when I fly with them and they are always so organized.
"Great seats..lots of room, no joke!","Always seem late but once you get going, its great. Makes travel nice and comfy. And the snacks are really great...huge variety when other carriers these days are desultory!"
Very easy time to get on and off when I traveled to West Palm Beach,The Jet Blue personnel are friendly folks. You also have one small bag and a carry-on for is free. Check bag is only $30.
Great value flight,"I try to fly JetBlue for domestic travel because it's typically a decent experience, as was this past flight. Their crew are friendly and helpful and you don't have to queue up like other similar airlines (looking at you Southwest...). However, I've begun to realize over the"
Jetblue vacation package,I have gone on 3 Jetblue vacation package deals this year so far. Each one was Fabulous. The price of each deal could not be matched at a lower cost. The service when putting the package together online could not be easier. I also traveled with my service dog they
A Fine Experience,"Excellent flight, efficient and friendly crew. No complaints at all. In fact, fact I've scheduled a flight to Seattle from Boston this summer. I'll be flying Mint class and looking forward to it."
Just Remarkable,"Had a snow storm coming in, the day we where to fly out. I called up to see if we could do something. I was told we can change out flight either go earlier in the day and run the risk of getting bumped or go another day. We opt for another day and they did not charge us for"
First JetBlue flight,This was the first time I booked Jetblue flight ever while travelling within USA and to my surprise this flight provides the comfort of high rated flights with competitive pricing to compete with cheaper airlines. The staff was all smiling and ready to help. The flight was on
Flight to paradise,"I enjoyed the round trip flight on JetBlue to Punta. There was no tuberlance, flight was comfortable everyone. It was an early flight. Some passengers slept while others watched movies. I think I wa on one of their new planes. I had enough leg room. As a matter of fact, I had"
Best airline ever....,I absolutely love JetBlue. They have the best customer service and leg room ever! Very organized boarding. Xoxo
First time flying JetBlue and we weren't disappointed,No hiccups on the flight down. Seats were comfortable with lots of leg room even in economy. Attendants were friendly. Full cans of soda and mid-size bags of snacks! We didn't care for the three in a row seating. Hate those middle seats! Flight back took three different
"After we received text messages informing us our flight would be 4 hours delayed, a call to Jetblue sucessfully booked u","Great service; pilot kept us informed of de-icing status, a ticket agent successfully rebooked us after we learned our scheduled flight would be 4 hours delayed."
Best Airline,"I only fly JetBlue unless I go to Europe. The planes are well kept, staff is always pleasant and accommodating. They offer a number of times you can fly, they go direct without stops and reasonable prices."
My airline of choice to fly to Orlando,"We go to Disney about once a year our airline of choice is JetBlue. The reasoning are as such value for the money, fits the timeframes we like to travel, we can reserve our sears in advance, the availability of directv to match to occupy the time and the helpfulness and"
Flight to Ft. Lauderdale,The most comfortable seats. Can get seat assignment when you book the flight so you don't have to punch in 24 hours before the flight. More leg and seat room on the plane. Wish they want to more places nonstop out of Baltimore.
"easy, fast flight!","the flight was fast, it was delayed at first but it was only 2 hours due to weather coming in from new york."
On time,"My husband, and I travel by plane a few times per year, and we typically use whatever airline that has the best price, BUT hands down I've always had the absolute best experience with JetBlue. From my experience they are always on time. The leg room is the best, even if you"
Two Times in the Last Year,"We flew Jet Blue in May 2018 and then again in January 2019. Both round trip. We had no problems whatsoever. The flight crews on both trips were professional, generous and friendly. The ticketing and security could not have been easier."
Another Caribbean Vacation,"The flight was on time smooth and with no issues. Typical from JetBlue lately. Comfortable, good movies for the passenger to view while flying."
JetBlue NYC SJU,"Checkin - quite easy using the kiosk and bag drop. Boarding - streamlined. No issues. Seating - Awesome. Excellent leg room and seat reclines. Baggage - checking-in bags cost $30, but 2 carryons are free which is great. Food - really good free selection of chips/ pretzels/"
Price was right not on time,Flight out was late due to equipment not being there. Flight return 182 was over 2 hours late due to equipment not being there. Looks like an issue My tv screen did not work on the way out.
Always a good flight,"As always the flight was ontime going. We paid for upgraded seats and they were comfy. I normally fly business class but this flight did not offer that. Our flight leaving was 45 minutes late, but they had to de-ice the plane, so in the name of safety I am cool with this type of"
Great flight,Had a great flight there and back! The seats are very comfortable and I loved that I was able to watch TV or a movie! I will definitely fly Jet Blue again!
Word of caution - Lima,"My review is not about the service of JetBlue necessarily but more a word of caution to those looking to save money flying JetBlue between Lima and the United States. If you are traveling from other parts of Peru, connecting through Lima on your way home, be aware that if you"
Flight with JetBlue,We're pretty pleased with JetBlue. Flights were on time. Service are fast. Even the flights were full and crowded but the flight attendants managed and organized well. They also offered snacks and drinks during the flights. Hope they'll keep doing the good job.
Crazy delays snd 3 broken planes.,"Long story short, jetblue has gone way down hill. My wife and I were supposed to be on a flight from tampa to boston via new york. That didnt happen. Another long story short, we finally got a flight home roughly 14 hrs after we were supposed to fly out. Ever had to sleep in an"
Love it,"Super quiet flight, everyone super friendly and BEST LANDING EVER. Food, service, i just board the plane and fell sleep and no interumptions at all."
Jetblue,"I love this airline! Extra legroom seats are roomy and spacious. You can’t beat having WiFi and TV, I often wish the flights were longer so I can finish watching my shows. I have been flying back and forth between Fort Lauderdale and NY monthly on jet blue for 9 years and Could"
JetBlue Mint from JFK to Seattle,"Traveling coast to coast on JetBlue Mint is a great value. First time for me, usually fly on American or Delta. But at half the price, JetBlue's Mint service is a no-brainer. Great service, food, lay flat seats for those who like to sleep, and full entertainment options."
NON-Stop flight to the Northeast,Excellent non-stop flight to Hartford. Had a few time options (instead of the usual -crack of dawn only flight option). Flight was slightly delayed only because of weather and the government shutdown issues. I asked if any seats were available with extended room and was
Great airline,Flew from Portland Maine to Orlando Florida for vacation on Jet Blue. Very pleasant flight and great service. Would do it again.
Awesome!!!,The flight attendants were awesome and could not ask for a better flight.. I just wish that they flew out of Detroit more offend. We will fly with them whenever we can!!!
One of my favorite airlines,"I love Jet Blue. The service is great, the fees aren’t bad (even for luggage:)) I’m using them again in March."
Excellent flights as usual!,Flew JetBlue round-trip from Boston to Antigua. Unfortunately no direct flights are available from Boston so we connected thru JFK. All flights were on time. The legs between Boston and JFK were on a smaller plane (2 x 2 seats) - less roomy but still comfortable. The legs
JetBlue Best Airline and way to fly!,"JetBlue never disappoints. They are hands down the best airline when it comes to seating, legroom, service, flight times, tv monitor in every headrest, and all around professional flight crew. My family and I ONLY FLY JETBLUE!"
Good flight to Newark~,Very good flight. Attentive flight attendants. No complaints at all. I was in an exit row which is always more comfortable.
The best airline I have ever flown,"I have flown on over 20 airlines and have been a JetBlue customer for over 10 years now and they never disappoint. They have unlimited snacks, a TV in every seat, extra legroom and their flight attendants are professional, courteous and are always accommodating. Out of all the"
Puerto Rico el eden,The dreamed trip! The entire experience was great! A tiny delay on the flight that actually worked perfect for me!!
"Great service, on time, broken TV monitors",Seats reclined comfortably. The flight was on time and boarded quickly. No delays in luggage pick up. Would definitely fly again. Only issue was my monitor and the seat next to me did not work.
Awful Customer Service,Extremely rude customer service. Wish I would have had a better experience with them. Tried changing my flight and they made it an absolute nightmare. My family and I won't being flying with them anymore.
The Dread of the Board,"Very simply: why bother to have assigned seats and boarding groups ? It does not work well. Let's go to a system of announced boarding for a small range of seats at a time and latecomers would board last. Then the packing of the overhead bins would be easy, flight attendants"
Pleasant,"The flight crew was friendly, informative. The seats were okay, I’d like to say comfortable but let’s be honest who really likes to sit in one place for too long. The departure and arrival times were on point. The snacks were adequate and if someone wanted to take an extra"
WORST CHECK IN EXPERIENCE EVER!!!,"Yesterday, after a great trip to Beaches Turks & Caicos, I had one of the worst airport experiences EVER. While checking in I was informed by a very SMUG, RUDE, NASTY ticket agent named Daneisha that my suitcase was overweight. I informed Daneisha that when I flew down to Turks"
"They completely left me hanging and cost me $1,200 to get home","I am so frustrated with Jetblue and will never fly them again. My flight was cancelled due to weather which is fine, but they could not get me on an alternate flight for 2 more days. They were unwilling to look into other airlines or anything. So it was either wait 2 more"
Big fan of jetBlue,"I really enjoy flying jetBlue. I have not yet been disappointed by this airline. The service is excellent, the people are really nice and helpful. I needed to make a last minute booking and staff was great to deal with and they did everything possible to help me find flights"
Very impressed,"Super flight!Big comfy leather seats,nice legroom, entertainment screens for short over 2hrs. flight. Free snacks and soft drinks. Friendly staff.And I've heard they count as low cost US airline!Better than any European airline for sure!"
Training trip,Smooth sailing or should I say flying. It was uneventful which is the way I like it. On time friendly and professional.
Good value for the money,"I just love this airline. The entire staff always is so pleasant and willing to help. The seats are more roomy than other airlines. They have a great selection of movies, TV and music to keep you occupied for the trip. They provide a good assortment of snacks and drinks. I"
Really Good One Way-- BUT,"Going, we were on a new plane A321. We were in the extra leg room seats. The flight was a pleasure. We relaxed in comfortable seats, and watched movies on an excellent entertainment system. There was no food served nor was there free wine as on other airlines international"
Not what it used to be,"We used to love to fly Jet Blue, but this last trip has turned us off forever. We bought even more space/speed seats, but they are not worth the high price. Boarding on both flights was chaotic, with obviously not disabled people walking on first: a woman in her forties with"
Just a normal non stop flight to FL,"A round trip experience of safe non stop air travel. We are regular Jet Blue flyers and so far, so good with safety and all else"
Another Great Flight,JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines to fly on. The flight was on time and the crew did a good job of keeping us informed about our arrival time and the bumpy weather we were going to experience as we came down into our landing altitudes. The attendants have always been nice
Attention to Detail,"My wife, recovering from a knee replacement, required a wheelchair. In Boston we were expertly guided through the entire baggage check in and security process. Guided to the gate and helped with boarding the plane. In San Juan she and our baggage were escorted to the Airport"
Snacks are good; flight terrible,There was a delay; the airline stringed the customers along by posting delay every 30 minutes. I asked to be put on a different airline and was refused. Eventually I purchased a ticket on a different airline. Jetblue customer service agent basically said FU.
Consistent Service,"We fly JetBlue a lot because their flight schedules seems to fit our lifestyle, i.e. we can work a day then grab a “red-eye” flight and be where we want to be the next morning. I do hope they increase their offerings out of Ontario Airport, CA since that is closer to us then"
Jet Blue delivers,"The flight was on time and service was good. Jet Blue frequently offers excellent fares. Travel on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday at reduced rates. Use on-line check-in to reduce time in line. Also, your carry-on can often be checked for free at the boarding gate if the flight"
JetBlue always nice,Very nice airline e. We flew only one way but the seats were comfortable and service was excellent. Unfortunately the inflight entertainment did not work but it was not a fault of the crew. This was a nonstop flight and it left on time and arrived early.
LAX - BOS Red-Eye in Mint - DisappointMint,Forward: This review and ratng is specific for this red-eye flight in Mint Class. While I was disappointed with the Mint experience I love flying JetBlue and it will continue to fly it whenever I need a flight. I was looking forward to this trip. After ten days away I was
It was fine,"Left on time, arrived on time. Paid extra for more legroom -- worth it. Sped through Customs and Immigration with Global Entry Baggage at JFK was glacial, not JetBlue's issue."
Excellent pilot and cabin staff,"Our flight left on time, was smooth as silk, arrived EARLY, and touched down so softly that many passengers did not even realize that we were on the ground"
...,"Very disapointed. One attendance told me , sorry I do not speak Spanish. What a shame! Spanish speaking people travel in jet blue. No body help me with my carry on suitcase. I lost my IPhone in the airplane and customer service did not help me. Very sorry but I will not recomend"
JetBlue is great,We used JetBlue in the past and they never disappoint. Great service. Nice freebies like snacks and free WiFi.
Best domestic business class,"Had issues with seat assignments but the checking in staff helped me with it. The flight itself is phenomenal. My first time flying mint class. I have to say, it is much better than UA business class. They have good WiFi, nice warm blanket and pillows. I had a good rest. I paid"
You get what you pay for...,"It would not be fair to ask for something else, this is a low cost airline and you get what you pay for. It feels pretty much like riding a bus, their boarding process was kind of messy, they asked us for our passports three times on the same boarding line, that seems"
Vacation with wife,"We have flown every year since retirement 12 years ago and Jetblue has always treated us very good. Great flight crews, ground staff and they are very courteous and professional."
Right on time,The airline does not disappoint. They were on time and the staff are friendly and efficient. The free movies and TV are a big plus.
JetBlue is my favorite,"My wife and I fly JetBlue all the time , sometimes up to 8 times a year . We fly to visit our family or to go on vacation . We fly economy all the time when we travel . i find all of their employees to be very professional , the planes are clean , seats are comfortable, and"
Best airline by far!,"JetBlue is a great airline, the staff is always friendly and professional. The seats are roomy and the planes are clean. The individual tv screens makes the flight go by quickly. JetBlue is always my first choice when flying"
Quick and easy,"The check-in and Visa purchase went smoothly. The flight was on time and the crew was friendly. It only takes an hour, but they handed out extra snacks! You can look down and see Key West on the way over and pick out some of the landmarks which was also very cool! I always"
Got us there using points,"We got there on bonus points. The trip was pretty uneventful. It's nice to have that JetBlue card to get the food for half price. No wifi travelling over the ocean of course, and only snacks and beverages were included in the flight."
No hassle fligth,It was a normal trip with no problems. The check in and boarding process were hassle free. The plane has good legroom.
Outstanding service. High marks from check-in to landing.,"Highly recommend this airline, especially for short flights. The experience was positve overall going both ways. The inflight service was truly outstanding. I have flown JetBlue to different destinations in the Caribbean and it has been very consistent in quality."
Efficient and friendly staff,"The flight was delayed by 10 minutes leaving NY, but the time was made-up getting into Las Vegas. The staff was efficient and friendly and assisted the passengers to minimize the delay. Overall good flight."
not a good as normal jetBlue,"flight was delayed leaving from Punta Cana ( also with a gate change) the delay then cause a chain reaction of delays for the rest of the day arriving late into Florida - crew was nice ( not as friendly as other crews ive had a jetblu previously , but just fine) - it was ok and"
Never on time,One month before we left I noticed are flights had been changed both ways.I was not happy. On our way home our flight was delayed three more times
Our favorite domestic airline!,"Great round trip flight. The service, planes, etc... are always topnotch. The TVs, free WiFi and snacks are always a plus. Some minor glitches and delays were made up in the air. Comps were given out for any inconveniences. We'll always fly jetBlue; provided, however, we"
Delayed with severe lack of communication,Check-in at Terminal 5 at JFK was effortless with no stress but there after from TSA to arrival was a nightmare I fully understand TSA has to do a job but personality bypass and rudeness is not tolerated by myself and staff have a lot to contend with but it’s a job and if they
Emergency trip,I needed to go back to New York for health emergency for my dad. The JetBlue agent Was incredible setting me up for same day flight. Flight was wonderful and was able to See my dad in a few hours. We use JetBlue exclusively flying from Florida to New York Highly recommended
Great Care on Bumpy flight,Despite some bumpy weather the staff was able to accomodate serving drinks and snacks will still keeping themselves and the passengers safe.
JetBlue delivers as usual,"Great airline, generally on time and very good service. The TV's on the back of every head rest are a bonus. All together combine to make for a pleasant travel experience."
Same problem,I appreciate JetBlue always being on time.. Our luggage arrives quickly. The flight itself has issues with the TV. On every other flight the TV does not work which makes a long flight even longer. Why cant this be checked on a regular basis. Maybe the system has to be upgraded.
"better choices, entertainment for every seat",Excellent flights. Variety of snacks and drinks. Airline attendants were very accommodating. Comfortable seating-could stand more leg room. I will fly Jet Blue again and recommend to others.
Happy with Jetblue,Love flying with Jetblue. The seats are roomy and there is plenty of legroom compared to United. Choice of snacks are good and beverages. I just wish they had more direct flights out of Newark NJ
Good,"Good flight, good service, went up, came down. On time, but for the life of me can’t figure out these new baggage requirements."
jetblue,Jertblue allows you to watch TV. Movies are also on some flights. Boarding is always well organized and overhead storage is free for carry-ons. Snacks and a soft beverage or coffee are free.
"Comfortable, affordable and safe","The flight was, as always, on time. The luggage was expedited and the ticket processed really quickly. All the staff is well-trained and was bilingual, so some of the fellow non-English speaking passengers that day din't have any issue communicating."
We love Jetblue!,We fly alot and try to always take JetBlue. The service is outstanding and the employees are always so friendly. We also love the more size option. It is an additional fee but so worth it. You get to load first and it is alot more room.
Reliable with good and consistent service,"I continue to fly Jet Blue to California and Florida. The cockpit and attendants are always friendly, never grumpy, always willing to help and are rather consistent in their behavior. I find some other domestic airlines, hit or miss. The attendants having a bad day, don't want"
Excellent Flight,"Jet Blue personnel are friendly, personable and very professional. We will pick Jet Blue first over ANY OTHER AIRLINE. (unless Pan Am starts flying again)"
Easy direct flight,"Easy direct flight, got through security really quickly and it was a full flight but excellent service!"
Hit or miss service,"I love the low price of JetBlue but their service is hit or miss. This flight was on my way home and the experience on the way out was much better. JetBlue usually offers a limited selection of free snacks and drinks, but on this flight they were not available. This was odd"
Do NOT book standby,"The woman running check in counter for JetBlue out of Richmond was completely incompetent. She stated that ""customers won't be charged the standby fee unless they board an earlier sale day flight"". I did NOT make my standby flight and my evening flight was canceled. Low and"
"Lots of room, comfortable seats, personal entertainment at each seat.","It is so nice to have this airline as a choice! Wish they flew to more of the places I want to go. The flight was about 2.5 hours. Just enough time to watch a movie on the personal screen in front of you. Many movies to choose from. Did not feel crowded in on this airline, even"
"Ample legroom, Fussy flight attendants","We caught a flight from Orlando to Washington DC last week and it got delayed by about 20 mins. Because of this delay, we were rushed to board the plane and get into our seats. It was incredibly unprofessional and nerve-wracking. The employee who scanned our tickets at the gate"
AVOID IN WINTER,"DO NOT BOOK DURING WINTER MONTHS. Our flight on Sunday morning (1/20) was cancelled on Friday night (1/18) because of future weather, a ""snowstorm"" that never happened. Literally not even a single snowflake on the ground, as it ultimately drizzled and melted everything. They"
JetBlue is absolutely terrible,"Flew JetBlue 3 times. They're always ridiculously late. Twice their incompetence has caused me to miss connecting flights, and they give you a hard time about rebooking when they're at fault. In addition, when they cause you to miss a flight and do rebook you, rather than"
What a great airline,"I usually fly with United but this time I choose JetBlue because of the low price I got for a round tripp from Newark N.J. to Orlando Fl. Great flight,great service, smooth flight and on time"
It's been too long ...,"The next time we have some place within the USA to fly, I want to be sure we check whether JetBlue goes there. Too often we end up on American in cramped seats that aren't cheap with rude staff, a boarding process that has almost everyone waiting until the last 2 boarding"
The most comfortable plane ever,"Clean, spacey, fresh smelling aeroplane with ample leg room Super friendly staff and they moved pax when they could"
Great flight,"The flight was on time and very comfortable. Watched a good movie and relaxed. Added leg room, which I recommend."
Love this airline except my last trip,First time I have flown with my dog so was anticipating an anxious flight for me. I purchased a one way with extra legroom and checked my bag. $600.... I was told that I could board with the wheelchairs and when I attempted that I was told to stand to the side. Then I was
Great Flight to Cartagena,"We had a round trip flight FROM JFK to Cartagena on JetBlue and both ways were great. Love JetBlue, no matter where you dot, you have plenty of room. The flight attendants were wonderful as well."
Jet Blue,"First experience with Jet Blue and it was great. More leg room then I have had in a real long time. Great service, and you actually get free soft drinks and snacks along with being able to purchase both hard drinks and food! I will highly recommend this airline to my friends."
My favorite airline,Jet blue is always my first choice for flying. The service is consistently good and the staff is always professional and friendly. The flights are on time departing and even early on arrival. And...they give free snacks and drinks!
Vacation to San Juan,"We were delayed on the tarmac for 2 hours. Not the best way to start a vacation. They crew did everything that they could to keep us up to date on the status of the repairs. The pilot stepped on the gas and made up a little time. We could not check in early, so it really did"
Love this airline!,"So I have always flown with Delta, but this time I thought I would try a different company. I absolutely loved it. They have great leg room, I was not in pain or uncomfortable during my flight, which is usually hard for me since I'm 5'9 in height. It was a 5 1/2 hour flight and"
Best low-cost airline,"JetBlue has always been and will always be the best low-cost airline that exists in the United States today. Upon check-in in FLL, JetBlue made it a breeze to get from the bag drop-off to the gate on a very President's Day. Their check-in kiosks are fantastic and easy to use,"
Love Jetblue,We fly Jetblue often. Their legroom far exceeds other airlines and they are just great as an airline.
3rd and last chance for jet blue,Our family of 3 were seated next to each other in row 7 way before the wing. But the aircraft changed and we got moved to row 28. And the isle was separating us and we smell the bathroom stench and it was awful. And when we arrived at the gate we scanned our tickets then the
Could be better,"At check in I paid $80.. extra for two seats with “more space”, not a problem, but the flight was about 30% and the flight attendants permitted passengers that were in regular seats to come and sit in the “more space” seats for no charge. I feel I should have been offered a"
always a good choice,Jet Blue was a breeze as usual. I actually booked through their vacations and all went very smoothly.
Best Flight Crew (FLL) and Ticket Agents Hands Down (PHX),There were a few anomalies that occurred in regards to our flight that were completely out of the flight crew and ticket agents control. They went above and beyond to accommodate needs and make us comfortable as possible. Safety is absolutely JetBlues #1 priority and when it
Superb experience in Mint from SEA to JFK,"Seats were comfortable, DirectTV worked, and was given lots of options for food and drinks. Best experience flying in a while. JetBlue is deserving of a try out of SEATac."
I Love JetBlue!,"JetBlue is a really great airline to fly, they have friendly staff, seats are comfortable and snacks are better than most airlines. They keep up-to-date on any flight changes."
We got the extra leg room and it was very comfortable.,"Our flight on JetBlue was comfortable and even relaxing. I say this because much of the travel by air is not anymore. The flight attendant was eager to be helpful and had a marvelous sense of humor. Of course, as most airlines now, there were no meals, just an array of"
Nightmares continue,"I have booked 5 times with JetBlue and I have had 7 negative experiences. Every time I have flown JetBlue, I have had cancellations at some point, and it is always ""weather related issues"" and ""not our fault."" I'm sorry, but 7 cancellations out of 5 bookings is extreme to say"
Always a clean jet with very attentive staff,We always fly Jetblue. Never had a bad experience. Clean newer jets with the best stewardesses in the business. Tv at every seat. Always arrive on time or a little earlier. Only one class of service - first!
Heart Stopping Flight,We were coming home from a wonderful two weeks holiday vacation. The airport in Punta Cana is beautiful. Lots of shops.The flight home was something else. About an hour into the flight the captain comes on and states that we are about to hit some turbulence to please keep our
“Best Airline”,I have been flying them since the beginning I happen to live in New York. Of course this is their major hub and I can be anywhere in the country on a direct flight from JFK even the Caribbean and South America. They are very very good at customer service and getting better at
"Fantastic check in process, flight & service",Jetblue outshines all other airlines I've recently experienced. Here are some highlights: 1) CHECK-IN IS SUPER EFFICIENT - Best idea ever by Jetblue - Luggage weighing machines on the check in islands SEPARATE from the receiving areas so we can weigh and readjust if needed
Comfortable flight with very good customer service,We flew home non-stop from Liberia Airport in Costa Rica. Everything went well. We had purchased more legroom seats so we were comfortable. The only thing with flying budget airlines is that there are no meals served but we did get snacks. Would be nice to have a free
Onboard Tv a plus,We were traveling with an 8 year old and 1.5 year old and the tv at each seat was very helpful to keep them entertained. Staff was friendly and quick with snacks and drinks...THANK YOU
"Delays, delays, delays","Jetblue absolutely bites. I made a reservation to go to a wedding on Feb 16 in Dominican Republic in October. In December they tell me my flight no longer exists, I have to choose another day. They give me the option on the 12th or 14th. I choose the 12th, even though it costs"
Worst flight attendants I’ve ever meet,I’m really sorry to have to write this. The flight attendants leaving out of New York were horrible. The one flight attendant was more worried about getting back to her needle point then actually working. Another was too busy on her phone. I know it was an early long flight but
Good Airline,"They announced ""arrival was early"", however, the flight was delayed for 30 minutes due to ""mechanical service"". The plane was fully booked; my wife and I had to sit in different aisles."
Flight 882 St Lucia to JFK,I'm a True Blue member of JetBlue's frequent flyer program since 2014 and have always enjoyed my travel with JetBlue until flight #882 that my wife and I were scheduled to take on 02/07/2019 from St Lucia to JFK. The flight was delayed (over 5hrs) and eventually cancelled due
Old-Style Room in Economy,"This was my first time flying on JetBlue and now I’m wondering why I’ve waited so long. The first thing I look for is safety, and JetBlue has made the list of the top ten safest low-cost carriers. So yay. But the best thing about this airline is the rookie ness of economy class"
JetBlue sucks,The funny thing is I have yet to fly JetBlue. This is my 3rd and last attempt. In the past year I have had 2 flights canceled. That’s 2 vacations canceled. I booked a third time to go to NYC to have a Valentines dinner with my wife and friends. Booked an early flight so I
Great!,Jet blue is my favorite airline to fly. I have never had a bad experience and you can’t beat getting to watch movies every flight!
"standard, good care","With JetBlue, we had minimal changes, free movie and tv capabilities, sufficient legroom and nice snacks"
The poor service of this airline MADE ME MISS MY FLIGHT,"My flight is supposed to depart from Newark airport toward Boston at Departure at 9:43 PM and arrive on Feburary 13-2019 10:51 PM, I got to he boarding gate since like 7:30PM and discovered that the flight was delayed and leave at 10:04PM and so the boarding would start at"
comfortable flight,I keep coming back to JetBlue because of the great value compared to other airlines. We volunteered to check our bags at the gate and avoided the fee which was nice.Seats were comfortable and the movie/TV selection is much better than some other airlines. The stewardesses on
Nothing special,"The staff are very good. Don't look for anything more than chips, snacks and soft drinks. Video in every seat. Headphones are available for a fee.Bring your own."
Great Roundtrip flight,"Flawless roundtrip flights....TSA approved, all flights left on time and homeward bound even landed about 20 minutes early. Staff were very pleasant and we even got moved up to an aisle with extra leg room, at no additional charge, when we learned the screens in our aisle"
Jet Blue,"Have been flying Jet Blue for over 10 years. Primarily flying from Boston to Florida and Cleveland. Every trip has been great. The service has been great, on time and exceeds all expectations of my needs. Scheduling is easy, prices fantastic. Website is easy to use. Telephone"
"Orlando to San Juan, PR and back!","My wife and I are Mosaic members with JetBlue. They really treat us very special. We're the first to board, and they give us preference with any checked bags. On our return flight we checked two bags at no cost and they were the first bags to arrive on the carousel. They also"
Extra room surcharge is worth it,"JetBlue is not perfect, but they try to be. That is in contrast to some airlines where the staff are just trying to go through the motions. The seats were comfortable and with a little bit more room, sitting in the middle seat was not uncomfortable. We checked our bags which"
Jamaican vacation,"Romantic trip with my girlfriend to all inclusive in Lucea Jamaica. We fly Jetblue to Montego Bay from NYC JFK. As always the crew, customer service, comfortable seats, blue chips, price and entertainment selection made this the right choice to begin our vacation."
Great experience,"Great experience with Jet Blue. Very efficient, helpful especially to a handicap passenger. Highly recommended."
Unexpected and great experience,"I am a frequent flyer of one of the top airlines. My trip to Florida was awful. Crowded and almost no ""body space"" or leg room. Ugh! JetBlue was amazing. On time, very comfortable and nicely appointed seats, services were very friendly and the trip was beyond comfortable. Guess"
Last Minute Trip Could Not be Easier,"Booked our trip the day before (family emergency) and easily found direct, roundtrip,, non-stop flights that didn't require us to get up before dawn or arrive home in the wee hours - and we even got to sit together on both flights! By not over crowding the plane (only four seats"
My favorite airline.,A comfortable flight for 4+ hours with plenty of room in economy class. The flight attendants always seem personable and very helpful.
Super easy flight and cheap and cheerful!,"JetBlue’s flights to the Caribbean are almost always the least expensive. I find that their leg room is more spacious in economy than any other carrier. Often I purchase the premium seats up front, because I like to blastnodf the plane and jet through customs. Since I rarely"
Consistently good,"Professional, polite and competent. On-time and comfy. Convenient schedules and airports. JetBlue's commitment to customer satisfaction is the standard other airlines should strive to achieve."
Great Airline,"The flight attendants are very nice, caring people on this airline. The customer service, the amenities of the plane and the leg room of the seats far supass many other companies seats."
Delays,"A 1:35 Delay before we started, then another 25 minute delay. Boarded the plane and had another 20-25min delay so the could flush out the restroom holding tanks. should have booked the flight after would have arrived before this flight did."
Flight to Vegas for Honeymoon,"JetBlue upgraded our seats free of charge on our flight to Vegas as it was our Honeymoon. Plane ride was pretty smooth. Tweeted our thanks and they responded. So that was Awesome! On our way back, flight was not full, empty seats everywhere yet they put a passenger next to us"
Every need I had was met and with a smile,"What a wonderful experience. I flew another airline to New York and I was extremely disappointed. Anything that could happen...did. No apologies, no help, just negative interventions and not a smile. THEN I flew home on JETBLUE and all my needs were met with personal"
Best space betwwen seats,"Jetblue is a good airline, they have internet, Direct TV, Need better food for sale, they are improving in it's service, they are starting a new business class. One of the gate employees at Fort Lauderdale was playing with his phone instead of providing service to passengers."
Technology issues but good flight,"Flight on time, staff friendly and efficient, nice comfortable seats, but the inflight movies left much to be desired. Selection was good, but technically wouldn’t work. Both flights, to and from San Jose there were problems with the inflight entertainment. Finally watched"
We Didn't Get What We Paid For,"This airline had the best prices. Enough so that it was worth driving 2 extra hours to get to the airport that had this airline. Because my stay was longer than my husband's, I was allowed one more bag included in the price of the ticket. Boarding was no problem, there were"
On time and reasonable price.,Jet Blue was a good choice for us even though they are not partners with Alaska airlines which meant we had to collect our bags and walk to a different terminal to recheck them.
Late leaving & On-Time arriving,"We were finishing our vacation in Orlando and were advised the flight was delayed due to the oncoming plane being late to arrive. Though we were late by 15 minutes, the return flight to Boston was on time!! Surprise! Surprise!"
JetBlue Boarding Policy is Terrible and Slower,I always have been a fan of JetBlue until I recently flew them and experienced their new(ish) zone boarding policy. Some genius at JB thinks loading the plane from window seats first then middle seats then isle seats regardless of the isle number is a better way to load the
"Atrocious customer service, doesn't care about their customers at all","Jetblue states that they cut off bag check half an hour before the deplane departs. Arrived at the airport 45 minutes before to find out that we couldn't use the kiosk to check as they had started to board the flight early. No problem, go to talk to a rep. Rep clearly does not"
Ahh Mint,"My first experience with mint, quite impressive,service spectacular, food excellent ONLY DRAWBACK screaming kid in MINT class-didn't think it was permissible to rent a seat to kid---do other airlines have the same policy?"
9 hours delay could be avoided,"I write this review as a plea to the airline to look into how to improve their resource management and by that customer service. Yes, the weather was not suited for flying and we were glad they did not. However, the airline should have navigate their expected departure time"
Disappointed,Recently had an issue with hindi g my flight home...never received an email telling me if my upcoming trip...I thought I was flying on a different airlines and could not find any confirmation from Jet Blue...I booked another ticket to be sure I would get home..on the day of my
Avoid it if You Can,"Boarding is always a mess, even if you pay for more speed it doesn’t take you anywhere fast, but don’t expect the company to reimburse you for money they take from you offering benefits that do not exist, they will hold on to those additional fees as if their survival depended"
Typical JetBlue Flight,"We fly JetBlue several times a year and we are very rarely disappointed, this flight left on time and arrived several minutes early, entertainment was good, flight attendants were awesome, what else is there!"
"Good flight, but...","The flight was good, though there were weather issues at the planes point of origin, so that the flight time was delayed. Even though they announced that the flight would be delayed, the sign in the boarding area continued to say ""on time."" Once on the plane and in the air,"
Nearly 7 hour delay and no help or compensation from Jet Blue,"We had a favorable view of Jet Blue prior to our delay at Fort Lauderdale airport during the shutdown. We had a 6.5 hour delay. We were not offered any food vouchers, we were not offered a hotel, although our flight was delayed overnight. They changed our flight for us for the"
"JetBlue ""Baby""","I like jet blue because they have the best prices for one way. I bought a ticket from San Juan,PR to Ft. Lauderdale, FL and it was $102.00. The bag was 43 lbs and that was included with price. Also, they have movies in a screen in front of your seat, i liked that because i"
Logan to West Palm Beach,Good flight. Boarding was quick and efficient. Left on time and arrived at our destination on time. Cabin crew was friendly. Plane was clean. Could have used a little more leg room. Seats not that comfortable but it was only a short flight.
JetBlue has the best seats around,"Both flights were on time.Boarding was organized and the flight attendants controlled the placement of carry on,ensuring your bags were placed near your seats. The seats themselves must be a bit bigger and have better pitch than those on United. There is definitely more legroom."
Very Affordable for a Non-Stop Flight,"I am a private pilot and I think JetBlue is a very reputable airline when it comes to service, pricing, and their pilots. If you need to get to NYC from Jacksonville this is a great non-stop option, with a little extra leg room, that from my experience is offered on a regular"
Failed connections; failure to communicate,We were flyiing on Jet Blue today from Boston through JFK to St. Maarten. There was a software problem on the jet; a 15 minute delay became 1 1/2 hours. The gate and flight crew told us they would hold the flight to St. Maarten for our connection because there were 25 people
Jet Blue is a rip off,Booked through Expedia with there travel protection. Had to cancel with the comfort of knowing we could. When we went to use our credit we realized it was only worth half of what our total cost was. Then we were seven days past the date and they wouldn’t even let us use that.
My new favorite airline!,"JetBlue is excellent! More room between seats, which are comfy, video monitors on each seat back which provided free inflight entertainment, upscale snacks and Dunkin Donuts coffee! Ease of check in, quiet plane, great flight! JetBlue you are now our favorite airline!"
One of the best US airlines,"Very comfortable seats and friendly staff.I have flown with them before and to other destinations and would recommend them unlike many other US airlines.The only downside for me was that as it was a domestic US flight,I had to pay extra for my carryon bag which was included in"
Worst check in ever,"Worst check in ever ,thanks for ruining my vacations to cuba for not let me check a tv 2 inch over maximum dimensions which is 80 inch on a empty flight and not giving me the option to upgrade the lady a the counter was rude and the supervisor didn't even listen to me to"
It was a smooth flight,All the flight took smoothly. No delays. Snacks offered. I had lots of coffee since I had two hours of sleep. It was my first time to use JetBlue. I am satisfied.
Great flights,"Great flights, more legroom than other airlines that we paid extra for. Nice flight attendants, very attentive, nice choice of snacks also. Both landings were so smooth, no bumps, hardly knew we had landed. Was our first experience with JetBlue but we will definitely look"
It's been a long time since I've enjoyed flying.,"Now adays it's a real burden to fly. Jet is changing the game and actually making flying comfortable again. The seats are comfortable and roomy. By the time our trip ended, my knees did not have bruises on them. Joy! During the inflight service we were not only given a snack,"
First and Last Time - The Worst Airline Available,This is my first and last time ever flying JetBlue. Thanks for ruining my honeymoon. From the very beginning it has been awful and has turned into a nightmare since then and unfortunately we’re not even done yet... First we needed a name added to our ticket and for 5 hours were
Jet blue you need to stop lieing to customers,We were delayed again by 1.5 hrs. Told us it was a weather delay in Newark. It is 54 degrees and cloudy there. Bull! We were also delay going to Bahamas. Will never fly jet blue again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good service,We purchased the extra space seats and it was worth the extra expense. My wife uses a walker and the folks at Jet Blue were extremely helpful.
Continues to stand tall at the top of the list,"I have been a faithful Jet Blue traveler since their first year. I have never felt the quality standards for service, communication, cleanliness has flagged. Personally I miss the humor that characterized the first few years from pilots and attendants. That said they are"
Awesome jetblue,Always a pleasure flying with JetBlue. Flight attendants are efficient and friendly. Great snacks and always a happy welcome when you board your flight
Close to losing my business jetBlue,"Myriad problems with this flight from an initial delay for over and hour to mechanical issues. I understand things break, but the lack of communication during our 3+ hour delay is completely unacceptable. Not only were we delayed, but the flight crew would not give us any"
Flight to Cancun on JetBlue,"My flight to Cancun was great, left on time. I purchased an Even More Seat and I loved the extra leg room so worth it not have someone reaching over your personal space on vacation. Flight was 1 hour and 20 minutes from FT Lauderdale and I was in another Paradise ;0)"
"Fine trip to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic","As usual JetBlue did not disappoint us. Fine trip, plenty of snacks and drinks and in flight movies are FREE too! We always use JetBlue when available."
RIP OFF,Huge rip off. I was flying to San Juan for a bachelorette and found out I was pregnant. I was advised by my doctor that the trip needed to be cancelled. I called Jet Blue 2 months ahead and told them I would like to cancel the flight and use the credit for another flight and
A new favorite,"Comfortable seats with lumbar support and noticeably more room, which meant that most people did not feel the need to recline into the people behind them. Genuinely friendly staff. Great free entertainment. Fun snacks. What’s not to like? I will fly them again when they’re"
Pretends to be better but is not.,"I've flown JetBlue for at least 15 years. I've accumulated so. many. miles because I (used to) believe that they had a good product. Until today, when I got sent to the correct gate, got told I was wrong and sent to the wrong gate, unceremoniously told I was wrong in from of"
A321 and A+ crew,"As always, a great crew on B6#1078 today and the A321’s are such a joy with comfy seats and great TV’s with free movies and DirecTV. Also, on time departure and early arrival."
Cancún,"Flight left Jacksonville one hour late into Ft. Lauderdale. It was close but we were able to make our connecting flight to Cancún. The flight was bumpy into Cancún so we didn’t receive service in flight. All I all, we arrived safe and sound without any major issues."
Nice flight but the seats needs to be refreshed!,"Last January 23, 2019 my friend and I flew from Orlando to San Juan. The check-in process was good. As always, the seats aren't the most confortable but that the norms in most economy Airline. Cabin staff service was very good. The only thing is that everyone brings a"
Best on-time record,"To save $30 for checked baggage, you can have it checked at the gate and pick it up at baggage claim. Everyone wants to bring on-board baggage, this way hassle free and you get seated faster."
Best on-time schedule,"Not too many leave and arrive on time. Booked online, we were given TSA pre-check on one leg of the trip and not the return. If you ever go through TSA screening you never want to repeat."
Lost any business,"I tried to book a flight at 192 per person one way. Picked my seats, spent time filling all my info in and clicked next. What happens..internal error. Ok so I'm upset a little. I go to do it again after starting over. Once again internal error. Now I'm pissed. I go to do"
Up Up and Away!!!,"On time and smooth cruising.... Most of every steps before boarding is your responsibility, except for the luggage tagging....."
Prefer JetBlue,"Roomy, and TV was great. You cant control the people on the flight, so I wont blame them. Chips and drinks are included. Bring food if you think you will get hungry."
Pleasant surprise,JetBlue basic tickets were very cheap. So I was able to up grade to business class so I could have more leg room. The fights were great. The stewardess were welcoming and tentative. They even gave my fellow traveler a complimentary birthday drink.
Smooth flight home,I mean it’s JetBlue. I’ve had nothing but great experiences flying with JetBlue. Good space smooth flight. What more can you ask for. Very professional in flight crew. Very helpful and nice. The AC on the flight was perfect. Sad to leave Mexico but what a way to travel home.
Great airline,"This was our first time flying JetBlue and loved it. We usually fly Southwest. Although the staff on Southwest is a lot funnier...the unlimited snacks, drinks, new movies (watched venom and it was awesome) and spacious comfortable seating blew them away. We would definitely fly"
The 'Twighlight Zone',"This trip was Boston to LA. First, the flight was delayed 2.5 hours, which was OK. Unfortunately, it was very late, so not much was open, and I was thirsty. When we got on the plane, I noticed the TVs were flashing. There was no way to shut them off. There was no TV/WIFI"
Cheap airline,"Coming and going, this airline is cheap. Offered ONE drink on a 4 1/2 hour flight, both ways. Also both ways, there were fit throwing brats. Not infants. If I had known this is a Mormon church owned airline, I would have never flown it. Won't happen again. Alaska, United and"
Pleasantly Surprised,"This was my first time flying with Jet Blue. I booked the flight solely because of the price and lack of hidden fees. Living in Atlanta, most people use Delta, but I was budget conscious for this trip. I was pleasantly surprised by the experience with Jet Blue and the quality of"
"I love Jet Blue, and always fly it domestically, especially between Florida and New York. 99% of the time it is great!","This past holiday season I flew between Orlando and NYC on Jet Blue, as usual. I LOVE Jet Blue, and unfortunately, the flight TO NYC was not up to the usual standard--the flight was delayed (very late --- got in around midnight--was supposed to get in at 8:30 but weather issues"
Excellent,Find the airline very efficient staff was very nice. No issues with my flight. Would have no issues recommendating
Great non stop flight to Jamaica.,"I have never been disappointed with a Jet Blue flight. The ""average"" rating at the gate departure in Orlando is because of how long it takes to board all the wheelchairs. It's also a very crowded area & sometimes confusion boarding. My seat was row 2 & when I boarded the"
Concerning Incident Report,I would like to start off by saying I never write complaints but I am extremely disappointed and frankly appalled with the amount of mistreatment I received during my attempted trip from Colorado to JFK on January 22nd. I travel often and never thought I would have such a
Smooth and on time,Customer service and refreshments provided was great. The flight was on time and smooth and the pilots communicate very well on status of flight! Even with ice on the wings we got in before schedule. The airplane itself was a little older than I expected and the TVs on both
An airline focused on true customer service,"We had a perfect flight to Bermuda and it was a joy to have an airline that is focused on giving exceptional customer service. From the greeting at the gate on both flights to the friendly staff serving us on the jet, our flight and experience were excellent. JetBlue definitely"
COMFORTABLE seat great entertainment,Flight was a little delayed leaving but we arrived on time Flight crew friendly Great price for round trip only mistake was we should have used our points once you book with a credit card you can't switch to points Very glad JFK and Orlando TSA agents showed up to work even
An excellent flight from Havana to JFK,"JetBlue is a low-cost US airline, flying predominantly on internal Americas routes. It was the first US line to fly to Cuba n 2016 and was an obvious choice when we needed to fly from Havana to JFK for our flight back to England. JeBlue boasts of its legroom and it is very"
Mint Class is a little bit of heaven,"First time on Jet Blue in many years, and first time in Mint Class. What a treat. I had the ""suite"" that has a door, and loads of surface space and storage. Service was impeccable, and the food was very good. It is a lie flat seat, so I was able to get some rest on that 5"
"Good Experiene, poor customer service","This review is more of a general review of the company. I have flown JetBlue many times, and I have used them to book weekend/weeklong trips as well. I will tell you, that several times previously they had the worst customer service I have ever encountered from anywhere. Not"
Love the extra seat room in coach,"The extra three inches of legroom in economy makes a huge difference. Also, on cross-country flights like this they just open up a kiosk where you can help yourself to drinks, snacks without having to bother a flight attendant. Finally, DirectTV is another plus."
Our go-to airline,"Took a group of high school students on a theater trip. There is so much JetBlue does well. Booking, at bag check, at the gate, in flight. Love this airline for NYC trips. Plenty of flights from Tampa each day. As someone over 6 feet tall, the leg room is appreciated."
Pleasent Flight and fine service,"The only issue for us flying from the JFK in New York is the hike of getting there from NJ it is a drag, outside of that the airline was very professional and the flight was on time and direct to Cartagena, which makes a world of difference as it becomes an easy flight and fast,"
Jetblue mint incredible,"We booked jetblue mint to sleep on the flight home. The last thing you want to do is sleep. It is so much more than 1st class. Dedicated check in. Expedited security, first on, your dedicated over head bin, jackets hung up on arrival to seats, lye flat comfortable seats, tv,"
Flight attendants,"I flew from new york York to jacksonville today, flight 477, and the flight attendants were rock stars! I am a very nervous flyer and they reassured me every couple minutes and really helped me get through the flight. Not only were they so kind but also had to deal with"
Still a Big Fan,"Tried my first red eye on Jet Blue. I am a big tall guy and don’t do long trips comfortably. For some reason the JB cabin interior and seating space, even in economy is quite ample for me compared to other airlines. The Direct TV is a life saver for me to pass the time. Jet"
Poor service and poor systems,Paid for luggage on line. Had credit card receipt At check in insisted I did not pay and I had to pay 35 a bag to get on plane. Very stressful and aggravating that they have such poor systems. Will be avoiding them in the future They owe me 75 dollars but may never admit
Not especially customer service oriented,"I have a HP placard that I show for advance boarding because I need a little extra time and assistance for boarding. I did not hear a call for advance Boarding, so my husband and I just went up as soon as General boarding had begun. Was dismayed that the attendant checking"
No problems. It continues to live up to expectations,Jet blue continues to be a good airline to fly. The staff was attentive and boarding for me was seamless.
Very good experience!,"JetBlue provided me with outstanding service during my recent flight to Florida. The seats were comfortable and had more leg room than other airlines. Check-in was quick and easy at their many kiosks in the terminal. While boarding commenced punctually, we were delayed by 45"
Used to be better,I was quite disappointed with my flight. From the broken seat recline to the old worn seats. Problems with the in-flight entertainment and unpleasant on-board service. I did however appreciate the free WiFi (when it was working).
Cruise fight,Took a flight to catch a cruise. Great value for the money. Good selection of snacks and drinks. I have a credit card so I get a free bag per person. The only bad thing was the fight time. Arrived at 5AM and had a long wait to go anywhere.
Good flight Boston to SD,"Good flight - direct non-stop. On the Return the plane was waylaid on the tarmac for about an hour while the gate was cleared of another plane. JetBlue nicely apologized and presented me with a $50 voucher for the trouble. When I mentioned this to my 18 year old son, his quick"
Jet Blue Vacations customer service is horrible!,"Hours and hours on the phone with Jet Blue vacations trying to re-book a weather cancelled flight. Phone wait times are horrible then when your call, invariably gets disconnected (2 times) they don't call you back and you need to go thru it all again! They seem to be at the"
Boston to Houston,"Heading back to Houston it was a completely full flight just prior to the incoming storm. Everyone was trying to get out of Boston on time. The flight was full of children which were enthralled with the ability to visit the onboard restroom by themselves. That part was fine, the"
Love the tv's at every seat,"The seats are somewhat comfortable. I always enjoy having programming on the tv in front of me. Although the design of tv operation is not great on this plane. Each time the guy next to me put his arm on the armrest, he accidentally would change my channel or volume"
Worst Airline,"Do not use this airline, especially when there might be any chance of bad weather. I was delayed and canceled on and pushed around all day. They didn't even compensate me for the delay, such as a food voucher. I was going to miss a connecting flight and was told there was"
Good leg room and attentive service,The service we received before even getting on the plane was terrific! My Mom required a wheelchair to get through the airport and everyone was very attentive. The leg room on the flight was great - more than any other plane I've been on in a while. The flight attendants were
My favorite for domestic travel!,"For domestic travel, Jetblue can't be beat. The most legroom in coach makes a difference, especially on a trans-con flight."
No problem good deal,"The flight was on one of their smaller planes, but it was very comfortable, Free internet and a few snacks. The outbound flight was delayed by weather- not much you can do about that. The return was very close to schedule. Check in and boarding efficient. Staff pleasant. Fair"
Comfortable Short Flight for a Few Bucks More,"This was a short one way trip to get from Rochester to JFK for an international flight connection. The trip got ahead of a winter storm and arrived on time during a busy Friday evening. Seating was confutable for coach and the flight uncomplicated. No problems with luggage. "
Another good flight experience,My son and I recently flew to NY on JetBlue and once again had a good flight experience. The staff is always friendly. The complimentary drinks and snacks selections are a nice perk. The seats have decent space and in-flight entertainment with free wi-fi is awesome. We will
Nice smooth flight only bad thing Hartford temp 16 Fort Lauderdale 75,"2 hours 20 minutes cant beat that, took our carry on's at no extra charge only problem when we arrived at Hartford Springfield baggage doors were frozen solid had to wait an extra 20 minutes no big deal."
Pretty good,"JetBlue, like Southwest airlines is basically a bus with wings. Unlike Southwest, JetBlue gives you assigned seating. Flight crew was friendly and flight was smooth. My only complaint flying out of Philadelphia is that the plane is coming from their hub in Boston. They always"
Just Ok for the price,"Jet Blue is an ok airline, they have good prices but in exchange you get no much confort in the flight. Pretty much everything cost money, if there is seats on the fly with more leg space, they do not allow you to take one of those without paying $50.00. My flight lasted about"
Smooth Sailing,"Have been flying on JetBlue for the past 8 years. The service has been consistently good . Great website and mobile app, with excellent customer service."
A brief hop from FLL to HAV,JetBlue flights from FLL to HAV are brief and to the point. If you're looking for meal service etc the flight's not long enough. You'll just have to wait for Jose Marti Intl to suck up some Havana Club 7.
The Even More Space seats are very comfortable,"Even More Space Seats are the way to go for an affordable cross country trip. Plenty of room, nice amenities, friendly staff. I liked the mood lighting for red eye flights. Nice and relaxing. I liked the self service drinks and snacks as an option, too. Really, it’s hard to find"
Another great flight,"I very much enjoy flying JetBlue. I have had nothing but good experiences thus far. This flight was no different. Flight left on time, seats have a good amount of leg room, love the free snack options (you can keep the peanuts and pretzels given by other airlines!), great"
Flight 1933,Flight 1933 my tv and wife and son did not work and Glenn the flight attendant told me he was going to give me a 15 dollar valsher and did not.
Communicative Airline,"Jet Blue is an airline like no other. Their websites easy to use, their fares are low, their service quality is high and their staff is great. Like all airlines they suffer from the vagaries of the weather and they suffer the wrath of the traveling public when things don't go"
Incompetent customer service,"I booked a flight from 11:59p on a Friday night to 7:48am on Saturday morning. In this way I avoided a hotel cost, did not have to miss work, and would meet up at the exact time my family was meeting me in FL. Jet Blue notified me on 12/26 that my flight was moved to 3:55p on"
Best option for long flight,"I really appreciate that JetBlue does one pass through the cabin, then passengers are welcome to help themselves to snacks. It's one of those, ""Why didn't they think of this before?"" things. Clears cabin up for movement and makes so much more sense. Due to weather, flights to"
Usual JetBlue flight,Typical JetBlue flight. Nice cabin crew (yay to Julie). Short time in the air. There were 16 folks needing to use wheel chairs. Once in JFK quite a few of those needing the assistance walked off with ease. One guy got into a chair in the main area after scooting off the plane.
THe ONLY airline I will fly!!!,The flight to and from Orlando to Costa Rica was particularly OUTSTANDING this time round because of the lead flight attendants. I think it was Lapatricia outbound Teresa inbound home (both very beautiful and neatly styled and wonderful style). They were so attentive and helped
"Easy flight from Worcester, MA","Close to home to drive to Worcester, MA and leave the car. Evening flights are non-stop to Ft. Lauderdale or Orlando, but they recently added morning flights to JFK - so now we can go just about anywhere from Worcester with a connecting flight! Planes to/from Worcester are"
Mint class is the best way to go.,"I find myself traveling back and forth to Aruba sometimes a couple of times a month, so I decided to spend the extra money on JetBlues mint class. It is the best service I have ever had in First class. They start out offering you a signature drink before others even board. My"
Jet Blue to Boston,Concerned due to government shutdown I left early. Less crowed than expected. Breezed right through thanks to jet blue staff and security at the gates. The terminal is modern and comfortable with outlets to keep my iPad and iPhone charged.
Very nice flight,"Everything was great with JetBlue, flight was in time, we arrived earlier that we were supposed to. I traveled with my husband and my kids and we had separate seats, but in the airport they gave us seats together, everybody was very nice. When we came back flight attendants were"
Great Airline,"Given it was my first time in the USA and I didn't know anything about JetBlue side from them being mentioned in Legally Blonde the musical I didn't know what to expect! But Elle Woods was right, JetBlue is a great choice. I flew from NYC to LAX and it was a bit underwhelmed 6"
Great airline and great flight crew,I flew to Long Beach from Fort Lauderdale just before Thanksgiving with my father. The service at the front counter was great. They were very easygoing even when I told them that I was had a firearm in my checked luggage. Within 10 minutes I went through the entire process and
Very angry customer!!,Terrible service there and back changed flight times and we paid for seats next to each other because we have a baby and they made things very difficult our gate was changed and our flight without notifying us at all!! I would never fly jet blue ever again they need to seriously
No frills clean and on time,Outstanding clean airline. On time departure and very friendly and courteous crew! Outstanding flying by pilot and co-pilot! Good beverage selection. Limited overhead cabin space and extra charge for baggage check in! Reliable service during the Christmas holiday round trip!
JetBlue - my preferred airline,"Excellent customer service. Nicest crew members. Best snacks (and very generous with them, too). Comfortable seats with more leg room. Good entertainment options. Pet friendliest of all the airlines I've flown."
Crap service,"This is my second time flying with this airline and both time the flights is delayed first for 2 days and last time 1.30h late , they don’t tell u about it until it’s last minute and don’t even give you any rewards about it . In the plane the service is so bad they just give u"
Always fine airlines,This is probably the 4th time I've flown JetBlue blue. Usually very easy and simple to book and fly. The flight staff always seems very helpful and friendly. Always enough bathrooms and enough room for a 4 hour flight. Never many problems. Nice to have the tvs and digital map on
Good experience,"This is the first time in a long time that we flew on JetBlue, and we were very pleased. Everything from booking on-line, to the counter staff, to the flight crew, to the smooth landing pilots, we could not have asked for better service. Our seats were in rows 15 outbound &"
Business Travel,Excellent customer service. Crewmembers went above and beyond to assist during the entire process from check in til I arrived at my destination in Boston
Love Jet Blue,Aruba is my second home and I always use Jet Blue as my airline for transportation. They are fantastic and I love the early flight that has me on an aruba beach by 1pm. I wish their prices were a bit more competitive but the service is always good.
amazing,"Had enough points to fly Mint(JetBlue's 1st class on certain east to west coast flights). My ""suite"" was incredible. I had a privacy door, the seats fully recline to flat. There is a massage and lumbar choice. You receive a welcome gift. There are special headphones"
Very disappointing for a company that prides itself on customer service,Worst customer service I have ever received. Very unlikely to fly jetBlue ever again with Alaska now flying more routes out of SFO due to the Virgin acquisition. The unwillingness to waive a $75 fee on a flight that has 20 open seats speaks volumes about how jetBlue sees its
Always been my favorite airline .,"On Time,best entertainment friendly staff. Just stay away from JFK airport, a not friendly airport staff."
Good Old Comfort!! Wonderful Service!,Airbus seats were wide and lots of room in between rows! Actually did NOT feel like I would sprain my ankle when trying to exit the row! Creative snacks! New snack center where you can go and get a snack and a soft drink or juice anytime during the flight. Very convenient! The
JetBlue Mint,"I have flown Mint 3 times now. The seats by far outrank any domestic first class seat. Massage options, many recline options and a large TV. In addition, they use down.down alternative quilts and blankets which is fantastic. The downside is the food is absolutely inedible. I"
My first time in Jet Blue Mint Class,I had the privilege of flying to Seattle on Mint Class with Jetblue on my last trip. What a great experience. The service from the flight attendents was outstanding! The seat was so comfortable and the menu was one of the best I have experienced while flying. If you get the
JetBlue Smooth operation,"First time on JetBlue and we were impressed.Airport star friendly pleasant and helpful. Purchase economy upgrade seats. Very comfortable (almost like Business class without champagne) Prompt departure, early arrival. Would fly JetBlue again"
Smooth Trip A to Z,"Whole trip down and back went like clockwork: no delays, mix-ups or surprises and all at the best price I could find. Also had convenient direct flight schedule. Staff + crew were all friendly and accomodating :) Jet Blue is 'Da Way'."
Worst airline ever!,15 hour flight delay all to make us sit at airport and then cancelled. Don’t believe anything gate agents say because Jetblue doesn’t honor. Was told I would be reimbursed for Hotel stay since we were cancelled and Jetblue did not honor. Plenty of better airlines.
Flying for my nieces 15th birthday and what a great experience,"I believe this is a wonderful airline and their customer service is consistently good. They go beyond what other airlines do, they must spend time training their employees because I have yet to fly and interact with a bad employee. Decent leg room and snacks are a nice addition"
JetBlue Doesn’t care about its customers,"After numerous delays and cancellations, granted the government shut down did contribute to the headache for the airports, JetBlue has been the most unhelpful in terms of their customer service. After missing my flight connection in Fort Lauderdale, I called the customer service"
Really appreiciate this airline,"JetBlue has never failed to delight. Right pricing, consistently professional service. Great in-flight entertainment. Comfortable seating. I really appreciate this airline. Such a difference from the obnoxiousness of the staff on eh ehm."
Just get me there!,"Leaving New England for Florida in January, there's one simple objective... just get me there! The JetBlue service out of Hartford went further. No, we didn't land in Cuba! But the flight included comforts and ameneties that make the travel part of the trip. Comfort, class and"
5.5 Hour Delay Without Much Explanation,"I had a 9 PM flight out but was delayed and delayed until 2:30 am. The employees offered little explanation, so some passengers were getting quite angry. It turned out to be weather related from the north even though we were trying to leave Florida. Then we had to wait on a"
Convenient round trip,"I'm very glad there were no hub stops. We left on time, and we arrived on time. The attendants were pleasant and professional. I look forward to traveling with them again."
Poor Customer Service,"The flight from Florida was not much different from any other airline – slight delays on departure and arrival, bad food on board, long waiting near the baggage carrousel. But the real face of poor customer service has become apparent when I attempted to obtain a refund for a"
Smooth On Time Relaxing,Very good airline and will seek out Jet Blue for future travel;nervous flier no more and departure times was very convenient on both legs of the trip
JetBlue My First Choice When Flying,We love JetBlue. Customer service A+. Will try to get a JetBlue flight first if possible. We sometimes buy direct when they are having a deal. Our True Blue points are adding up and we have enough points for a round trip ticket for one- ready to fly to Florida-nice perk.
"On time, courteous, professional service","Good service, on-time departure and landing. Courteous, professional personnel. This was a short flight, so snacks were adequate."
Outstanding seats and service,From the desk at SJU to the baggage claim at JFK everything went well on this flight. The seats were very comfortable with good amenities including food selection and tv viewing. There was also just the right amount of overhead room for storage. Will choose JB before going
Death of an airline by bad customer service,"Customer Service going down!!! our 759 from CLT to JFK was postponed, ok it happens, moved to 1222am hours before we need to be at airport but they said you still need to be here for original time. Then moved to1255 then moved to 105am then to 123am. I asked attendants what Jet"
Jet Blue does nit care about customers,"Sadly Jet Blue is going down. Used to be we always checked them for flights first and would pay more but in past two years service has gone down, staff on plane no longer top of service and smiles. Kind of like someone who is burnted out and just looking for the day to end but"
If you like flight delays....,Flight crews are very good. Jets have loud squealing in cabin during boarding and deplaning. 3 of our 4 flights were delayed anywhere from 2-6 hours. We were compensated $150 for the longest delay but nothing else.
My experience never occurred was my first time to try this horrible airline. Thank God for Delta,"There is nothing worse than a airline that lies with complete impunity. January 20th, 2019 , on arrival form Brazil and to fly JetBlue to Atlanta on a 2:25pm flight. Airline wanted me to wait till 22nd and would not pay for my hotel. The airline said all flights were cancelled"
Appalling,"Would not recommend this airline at all. Cancelled flight, not sure why, no explanation, but all other airlines were flying out to NYC. Went to get assistance at their customer service, pretty much got the cold shoulder and they didn’t really care. Got told we could get credit"
Jet Blue Turned Horrible. Can I give less that a “1” recommendation?,"I’ll keep this brief as we all know all airlines can be terrible. There is a difference between terrible customer service and being threatening. Today we had poor weather and despite the sun now shining here two hours later, select JetBlue flights were canceled today. My"
Surprise to me,"We were a group of 8, 6 adults 2 children(10yrs). And I was amazed at the legroom. Apparently I was the only one who did not know that JetBlue had made this expanded space in all their flights. I have flown several other airlines and had nowhere near the space that I did on this"
Terrible Low-Budget Service,"Last leg of an international trip, JFK-RDU was cancelled by JetBlue due to 'weather'. No reciprocation with other airlines, so they did absolutely nothing. Would not even look up alternative flights. Said I could sleep in the airport and they would try to get me out the next"
All flights on schedule,"Flight to and from Cuba we’re on schedule. Luckily got an exit row on the return flight. If you have CUCs to exchange back to dollars, you can exchange after security and spend some of your CUCs there. There’s t shirts which are hard to find in the city."
I love Jetblue,"There are no hidden fees, the flights are always very comfortable and the unlimited drinks and snacks, are just the cherry on top!"
"West Palm to Boston, and the Great Storm Delays","Major thanks to JetBlue gate agent Rafael, who professionally and tirelessly found his way through myriad flight delays and cancellations to get me back to Boston on Monday evening (actually 2 am Tuesday morning). JetBlue needs more tenacious, customer-focused professionals"
Surprise surprise JetBlue comes through!,"I am a dedicated flyer of another airline but a last minute flight decision forced me to consider some other cheaper options. Well, JetBlue not only fit the budget but the plane was CLEAN and the seats a tad bigger. The frontline staff was helpful with a smile and I had no"
Always comfortable and congenial,"I have always found JetBlue to be a very efficient and comfortable (as much as possible) flying experience. My recent flight from Boston to Seattle on 1/4 was no exception, but make sure to purchase the extra leg room! Flight attendant Jermaine was a delight and went above and"
Stranded by Stupidity,"Admittedly, there was some weather in Chicago (as always) in the morning. There were some delays -- 30 minutes, an hour. JetBlue -- 3 hour delay! That meant I was going to miss my international connection. Airline/booking agents/etc said if I change to another plane on my own,"
Great Airline,"Great Airline but usually I get this delay in the morning, I dont know the reason but Last 3 times I get delay in the early flight."
Horrible Experience - Would not recommend,"To start this off, I've been a customer of JetBlue for quite some time. I've had some hiccups in the past, but it wasn't until I ran into a major issue this week that really left a bad taste in my mouth. Three months ago I purchased round trip tickets to Hawaii for four people"
fantastic,"talk about the little airline that could. I was so impressed by the level of service and the comfort, I wasn't feeling well and any other airline would not have been as comfortable on this domestic leg."
“Even more space” worth it.,"My even more space seat was incredible, mainly bc I had a whole row to myself. In flight entertainment was great. Nice, updated, super friendly staff."
Standard Fare,There was absolutely nothing exceptional about this flight. The crew was average and the flight was uneventful. The only thing negative I can say is that the gate was changed but the change wasn't reflected on the electronic boards nor was there a general announcement.
New York to Havana - great service,"The whole experience was rather easy, when considering that flying from the US to Havana seemed like a rather daunting exercise at first. We're from South Africa, and traveled on JetBlue from JFK to Havana and back again over December 2018. You ""buy"" the Cuban Visa at the"
Cannot Beat It with a Stick,I always fly JetBlue They just know what they are doing and they consistently do it right. They know what works and they know how to do it Boarding is always flawless In flight the Flight Attendents are professional and just know how to make my life easier in all cases Highly
VERY GOOD - LEG ROOM AS A BIT CRAMPED BUT IT WAS OK FOR A SHORT FLIGHT,"very good however the leg room as a bit cramped. other than that, the flight was a good one. i would take it again"
"Good flight, more or less on time arrival even with departure delay","I like JetBlue. Even when crowded, as on this trip to San Francisco and back, people were friendly, WiFi and charger worked, snacks were ok and drinks were fine. There is a goofy design problem with the placement of the audio-visual controls on the arm rest. I ended up changing"
Great flight,We had plenty of leg room and had free WiFi in the air. Also unlimited snacks and drinks were a pleasant surprise. You get the whole can of drink instead of a small cup. Our flight was delayed then back to schedule. Was pleasantly surprised by JetBlue.
Good Option for Newark to San Juan,"I prefer to fly jetBlue over the other carriers from Newark, NJ to San Juan, PR for a number of reasons. 1) The coach seats are much more comfortable 2) The flight attendants tend to be friendlier 3) They don't charge you for in-flight entertainment in coach 4) The flight"
"Lower cost, great service","Anytime I'm planning a trip, I start by looking for a Jet Blue flight. This trip was no exception. We departed ahead of schedule and arrived 15 minutes early. The plane was new and immaculate. Free movies and plenty of snacks and beverages offered. The flight attendants are"
Good in-flight Experience,"Flew Jetblue for the first time. In-flight experience was good but unfortunately the 2 hour flight delay spoilt the mood pre-flight, hence the average rating."
Shredding my JetBlue Rewards card,"I showed up three hours early for a 4 pm flight. Due to weather delays in Boston, the flight was delayed to approx. 830 pm. I spoke with the gate agent and he kindly offered to move me to another flight. About an hour after this switch, the new flight was pushed to two hours"
Between VERY GOOD and EXCELLENT,"Flight was super early and we were first in line, not only because of our excitement to go to the Big Apple. AAA had arranged our flights to and fro NYC and managed to keep the same January discount price (by calling the airline - one month in advance) even tho we chose the"
First time with JetBlue won't be the last!,"What fun to actually fly on a new airline! Attentive and kind staff, nice seats, snack selection awesome, Dunkin' Donuts coffee! Plane was a little noisy at first, but smooth nonstop flight. Thanks JetBlue!"
Bad experience,"Newer in my life would I book a flight from this company, services are so poor and staff is not helpful,and they keep deleting every flight couple times and when u talk to people on airport they give u one reason but when u call company they talk about other reason ,our flight"
As pleasant as you can get when you have a fear of flying,"jet blue is always a safe bet. The staff is always nice and at JKF they have their own terminal. TV on board for every seat for free and snack, soft drinks as well. Leg room is average but not cramped"
"Basic, affordable flying","Really a review of 4 flights on Jet Blue: To and from NYC (JFK) - Barbados To and from Newark Liberty - Orlando All 4 flights were similar. For the price, you can't really beat Jet Blue. I've flown lots of other ""discount"" airlines and they hide fees. Fees for choosing a"
overall a great expierence,The fligt both to RDU and back was really good. the seats were comfortable and the snacks were really good. the service they provided is much better then most airlines. We live closer to Manchester NH airport and wished JetBlue flew out of Manchester.
Bad crisis management,Initially the flight was delayed due to residual effects of bad weather. I get that. That’s not their fault. But how they handled the crisis was very poor. They delayed the flight (often information not announced at the airport until way after customer finds it online) multiple
Change fee extorttion,"January 22, 2019 Robin Hayes Jet Blue 118-29 Queens Blvd. Forest Hills, NY 11375 Confirmation Code: JZZCVE Mr. Hayes, Although I was always a satisfied JetBlue traveler before I retired, I had an experience earlier today which left me feeling disappointed by your airline. "
JetBLue Somehow Does a Great Job,"I flew JetBlue from Phoenix to Washington DC, and then flew Frontier home again a week later, all on the same reservation from Orbitz. The flights were the SAME PRICE. Somehow JetBlue had roomier seats, included the checked bag for no charge, had a choice of movies, and gave"
Poor Customer Service When flight canceled,Usually I praise JetBlue for their service oriented team members but when our flight was canceled into Boston due to weather they really let us down. Craig and JetBlue did a horrible job rebooking us. We stood in line for over an hour and when we finally got to the counter
RDU Travelers Beware,"Our flight from RDU to FLL was fine. On the return flight we landed at 10PM as scheduled. Then we were stuck at the gate for FIFTY minutes because Jetblue only has two gates at RDU. At FLL we offered to check our bags because the flight was full and I would never do that again,"
Missed our Honeymoon because of Jetblue,This airline is the worst! At least in our experience. We always heard good things about JetBlue so we decided to use them for our honeymoon being told this was such a reliable airline. That was not the case when we flew with them. They delayed our flight from 11:59 pm to 6:30am
Fix these planes,"Went to Las Vegas this weekend on jet blue boarded the plane no hot water though the hole plane tv did not work due to wireing problems then when I asked to purchase a meal box , the attendant told me he was to busy to go to the back of the plane to get one . I paid for more leg"
Good airline,Good airline and good service. I had little issue but it was resolved by flight attendant in timely matter. Choices of movies and programs is very good. Overall I'm satisfied with this airline and will recommend it to others
JetBlue is my Go-To Airline,"I fly 2-3 times a year and choose JetBlue each time. The leg room, leather seats and luggage fees are why I keep coming back to JetBlue. Dunkin' Donuts coffee is a bonus! Fares are always comparable or better than the competition when you factor in luggage fees. Family pooling"
Complete letdown from favorite airline Jetblue,"I am going to start off by saying that JetBlue is my favorite airline. I fly it everywhere I can. I love their features such as their TVs at every seat, a unique and awesome feature. I also love the flight attendants attitude, and (sometimes) the food options. I was expecting"
Great legroom,"The flight was full so I was able to gate check my carry-on for free and not worry about lugging it onto the plane. The legroom was better than any other economy class flight I've ever been on (I'm 6'01"") and the seats comfortable. Good in-flight entertainment system, however"
Shows the low cost European airlines how to do it!,"Whilst over staying with friends in Boston end of 2018 I decided to fly down to friends I have near Orlando (and back!) for 4 days. I'd heard very good reports about the ""Jet Blue Service"" and all I can say was WOW! This is how you do it! Both sets of check-in and security a"
The inflight service is second to none!!!,"We take short trips about 2-4 times each month and flight maybe twice. Each time we take a trip with JetBlue we are always happy to experience the extra legroom seats, television screen at every seat, the free Wifi , but best of all is the unlimited free snacks throughout the"
Relaxed,"Always number one for me... I love JetBlue because of their friendliness, their punctuality, and their amazing service... Planes are always clean... Ans i must say, 9 out of 10 times theyre always on times... I love my JetBlue..."
Easy Flight,Just the way one wants it non-eventful! The flight was on-time both out-bound and in-bound. All employees were helpful.
Certainly my preferred Airline,Use them every year to fly to Aruba. Every time I use another airline I compare them to Jet Blue. More often than not they just don't measure up. Keep it up Jet Blue - I will use you whenever I can
Smooth Skies...Great Services,Took a flight Jan 2019 from JFK to Cancun during the Government Shutdown. The best part of the experience begins with the fact that Jetblue has its own terminal. My only gripe is that I myself and 3 of my travel buds are all Active Military and 2 who are Vets. Gratefully we take
great flight,Wonderful; flight stewarts are nice smooth flight like the TV son the backs of chairs wish more had them light was not that late seems the seats are larger than south west
Unacceptable,"Flight canceled for a long planned vacation. They claimed weather related...still have sun shining many hrs after flight, Had to pay for transportation, drove 3.5 hours to drop canine with parents , $150.00 fee from booking.com for last min vacation rental, got voucher for 3"
Traveling Family,"I really love this airline, first time flying to Jamaica with this carrier. Will definitely use them again. Air-hostess was friendly and warm."
Family visit,"Jet blue has a forever flyer in me. The service, staff, airplanes and overall company for me has no equal. Never a problem, no lost or broken luggage, free snacks and drinks. If you purchase the more space seats you get priority boarding and check thru at security."
Lesson learned - Don’t Fly Jet Blue into JFK in the winter,The night before our departure I received a text that my flight the following afternoon into JFK with a 7pm arrival was cancelled. Weather forecasts for JFK were for rain (not snow) and for precipitation to begin in the late afternoon/early evening. The text said I would be
Things Happen,"Mechanical issues resulted in a 5 hour delay. Having worked for Amtrak in a customer service position I have received plenty of abuse, therefore I thought the gate agents were professional throughout the delay. We were going to Aruba, how miserable can we be.Although Jetblue"
Perfect Flight,"Could not be happier to fly Jet Blue again. Flight was on time, as always they do everything to make sure your time with them is comfortable. Highly reccomend"
Best new route,"Flew into steamboat for a week of skiing. I hope they continue this service every winter. Friendly staff, no lines, and perfect location."
Awful travel policy,Booked a vacation package through JetBlue going to St. Lucia. We were warned 2 days prior that weather could cause an issue with our flight. We decided to fly out a day early when the weather was clear and paid a large extra amount for the additional night at the resort. On
"By far, the best airline","They are an amazing company. Unfortunately, numerous times when I flown or was suppose to fly with them storms, sicknesses and emergencies have caused plans to change. They are always amazingly helpful and nice when rescheduling or refunding. Definitely, by far, the BEST"
Trip to and from San Juan Puerto Rico,"The trip to our destination was fine. The return trip on Dec. 16, 2018 had broken drop down tables and none of the three movie screens were working in our row. The attendant said we would receive a $50.00 pp refund for the non-working screens and she said the maintenance"
Good leg room makes up for basic service,JetBlue is not a high end choice but you can’t beat the legroom and free wifi. No frills but good service. Many direct flight options from Boston Logan which is a big win for me.
"Easy flight, issue with getting into the air",Had to fly to Boston for a funeral. Check-in and boarding were fine. Took thirty minutes from leaving the gate to get in the air. Many flights of other airlines moved ahead of us. Flight itself was uneventful and arrived as scheduled.
Honeymoon trip to NYC and a Carribean cruise out of NYC,"Jet blue is great, full flights but well organized and fairly priced. boarded and off loaded easily."
Honesty with an Airline is Very Important,Horrible Airline. Tell us that the flight was in on time from San Juan to Fort Lauderdale is an international flight? Since when is Puerto Rico international they are a commonwealth of the USA. But they change our flight from 8:50 to 9:40. I was sitting right by where the
Very good flight,Flight was on time and attendants were attentive and responsive. Seats were comfortable. Entertainment was good and diverse.
No problems,No problems - arrived at Orlando Airport early for our return flight back to Newark luckily the gate attendant was very friendly and were able to have a very nice chat to pass the time. Middle seats on aircraft are cramped and not much room luckily only a 2 1/2 hour flight. TV
Two Hour Delay and no compensation,Over a two hour delay because of an inaccurate fuel gage. No compensation offered by the airline. The television in the back of the seat did not work. Nearly six hours with nothing to do.
jetblue,"The flight was good, nothing exceptional happened. Flight attendants were personable and always smiling."
Special baggage consideration for military.,"Jet Blue flight was on time, had plenty of leg room and overhead bin space. They offered several in flight movies for free. I just wish most of the airlines would allow 1 check-in bag free. However, on the way home we had to check our grandson's military dress bag. He was on a"
Flying BLUE to Jamaica,"Our flight to and from Jamaica went very smooth , no problems, lines in airport went very uneventful and boarding was smooth. I have two knee replacements and did not have an issue with leg room in Economy. Return flight went off without a hick "
Delay once again,"Sitting on plane waiting to depart, waiting and waiting. Then the pilot announces something is wrong and the mechanic will come to try to fix it. Finally mechanic comes. After quite a while the captain comes on and announces it cannot be fixed. We had to deplane, go to a"
Always A Great Experience,Always a great ride with JetBlue. They took great care of us and as someone with a disability they had a wheelchair waiting at each terminal for me. Very helpful both in Philly and in Turks. The only con was that the flight coming home my seat controls were broken and the seat
Adequate & Pleasant,"I HATE the fact that people can fly with their nasty dog sitting with them. I mean the spacing is limited as it is let alone with someone's nasty dog drooling and whining and trying to climb into your lap. Other than that the flight was on time, easy for a domestic flight. Easy"
Welcomed,The flight was very comfortable and the flight attendants were pleasant and welcoming as well. Will always use Jetblue.
Always a pleasant trip.,"My preferred airline to fly. I have never had a bad experience and love the ""blue"" names of the planes. American Airlines did that years ago as Flagship Arizona and all the states. All crew have been pleasant and do their jobs well. My #1 choice."
Friendly flight,"friendly crew, on time flight and great coffee! Would fly this airline anytime. I wish they had more destinations for me to choose from."
New Years in Cancun,"The lines were short- boarding was easy- flight on time - easy process getting luggage in Cancan. Not much choice for movies but no problem, I read a book and was able to sleep."
Great Experience!,"I was a bit sceptical about the entire trip. Really didn’t want to attend it. But vacation mood was turned on once I got on that plane (JetBlue). The service was amazing. Hassan (one of the flight attendant) was very attentive. I was a bit afraid of the entire flight, Hassan"
Dec/Jan 2019,"The flight on Jet Blue was once again a enjoyable experience. I am 6'1"" and find that seats offer enough leg room, unlike so many airlines today. The seats are comfortable and having the TV in front of you is a nice feature."
Good Value for money,"I'm so used to budget traveling, but jetBlue feels like a sort of little upgrade from the usual fare. Legroom is good, everything was on time. Attendants were very nice."
A good experience,"The inbound flight was delayed by an hour due to a machanical issue with the plane. That aside, the flight both ways was just fine. Luggage was quick and the family was comfortable for the flights. Jet Blue is one of my favorite airlines and they did nit disappoint,"
Best Airline in US,"JetBlue is my favorite airline! Hands down, the legroom space, personally for me is number 1 priority. I dont care if pilots are smiling to me, or there is fancy snacks on the plane, what I care on the plane is; comfort, space, and legroom space so I can relax during a flight."
New York to Barbados and Back,"The flight down was great - the flight attendants were friendly and helpful, the snacks were plentiful, and the legroom good. The return trip was an old plane and the crew was cranky. They arrived late and we were behind schedule, which may be the reason for their less than"
Never fly with JetBlue.,"Worst customer service & crew. The airline is disgusting, and they have no will to help you with anything. I booked my flight 6 months in advance in addition to my connecting international flights in Europe, and they had the BALLS to tell me that it was overbooked when checking"
Not happy,So the flight down wasn’t bad other than the kids couldn’t use there earbuds for the in flight movies( they have iPhones) The trip home was horrific we were on line to board. After the line not moving for 45 minutes we were told that a flight crew member was sick ( I
"I enjoy the standards I've come to expect from JetBlue - legroom, TVs, and snacks!","I love flying JetBlue! I always know what to expect when flying with this airline - enough legroom, TVs with many channels, and free snacks! I love that I can reserve a specific seat and not have to stress about checking in while I'm on my trip 24 hours before my flight. They"
6 hour flight with no real food,"Okay - I know that flying over a holiday can be expensive (Christmas week). We spent over $4K on round trip tickets from the west coast to Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic. Our return flights were not great. The first plane was delayed because of 2 non-functional restrooms. We"
Great value,"I flew into Worcester, MA via JetBlue for the first time. The rates in and out of Worcester are finally competitive with Boston. I paid $118.98 (I believe) for a 1-way ticket. Boston would have been as much or more and I would have had to use an airport limousine to get from"
Satisfaction Guaranty,I really enjoy flying with JetBlue. They depart on time & sometimes the flight arrived before time. Prices are reasonable. The seating arrangements are comfortable.
Flight to St Thomas via San Juan (during government shutdown),"Jet Blue flight leg was good with nice cabin service, need to buy the extra legroom on a flight this long. Flight landed 30 minutes early in SJU and then we sat on the Tarmac forever because outbound flights were at the gate due no clearance slot. We ended up missing our"
Avoid crazy Miami airport,"Such a difference to be able to fly from Ft.Lauderdale rather thsn crazy Miami airport! JetBlue leaves early afternoon, arriving early evening- in time to go out for dinner. The return flight leaves at the crack of dawn- but the new international terminal gets you out within"
"Short, comfortable flight from DC to Jacksonville, FL before Christmas","Was heading to Florida for the Christmas holiday and flew on the afternoon of Dec 23 (a Sunday) from DCA to JAX. It is a fairly short flight, and therefore a smaller jet. We left and arrived on time and I was very comfortable in coach, especially since I had no neighbor. As"
Excellent experience!,We’ve fly before with JetBlue within the US and the experience has always been great. This was our first trip with them outside US and the experience was just as great. This has turned to our first option whenever we have to fly.
What a Great Flight!!!,"How is it we've never flown JetBlue before? They were wonderful! Efficient, professional, knowledgeable staff, comfortable seats with more legroom than we've had before in Economy and free wi-fi! We had a great flight!"
"smooth, easy, good timing",Experienced well run airline. Not terribly plush but with more room seating quite comfortable for a tall passenger on a 5+ hour flight and reasonably priced.
Uncomfortable Seats,"I enjoy flying Jetblue because of their prices and their service. We went from Long Beach, CA to Boston MA, and then on to Richmond, VA. On the LB to Boston flight flight the seats were not very comfortable. My wife and I both thought our seats were hard and compressed with the"
Very happy with ‘even more space’ on JetBlue,I was very happy that we upgraded to the even more space option in both directions but was pleasantly surprised that entertainment and snacks were included. While the staff were pleasant I’m still cranky that I was charged again at the airport at Tampa for the upgrade although I
I love you JetBlue,This is only my fourth trip on JetBlue but I’m hooked just love the airline and service. The kettle chips are to die for. Comfortable seats and tv selection for entertainment is more than adequate.
Only line I fly,I’m scared to fly. The only airline I try to fly with on the off chance I do travel is JetBlue. Very professional and kind.
Long Ride Home,One hour flight turned out to be near 3 hours as the plane needed to be deiced. BWI seemed to be working at a snail's pace as we started as #6 in line and it took over an hour and a half to get the process started. In the mean time the Captain and the Flight Attendant kept
Had the best Cabin Attendant -- Josh. He couldn't do enough for us.,I always fly Jet Blue. They are reasonable and provide excellent comfort and service. What other airline announces that they are giving each passenger a $15 credit because the in-flight tv was acting up for a portion of the flight.I fly Jet Blue whenever they are going where I
Jet Blue Ducks Responsibility for Baggage Snafu,"JetBlue’s flight from San Juan to St Kitts, operated by seaborne but sold and listed by them, was a disaster. The carrier deliberately (by admission) left my checked in suitcase off a flight because the plane didn’t have enough baggage capacity (apparently a common occurrence on"
Short flight,"No issues during my flight. Seats in economy are small. Snacks, chips- for kids. Over all the flight was ok, I slept the whole way."
Nothing gets better than flying Blue,Man I cannot stress to you how amazing their customer service is! I will forever be a fan of Jetblue! After a 7 day trip to Barbados I was ready to brave the cold that is NYC. Unfortunately (fortunately for me later) all flights were cancelled due to snow in NY. Having been
Exceeded Expectations in a major way!,"My whole family flew from New Orleans to Boston on JetBlue. Originally, we selected this airline based on price and the convenience of a direct flight, but after this experience, I'll be sure to consider it as a first choice. The plane was in great condition. Large screens and"
Always Dependable!!! My favorite!!!,"How can you fly anything else then JetBlue, you can always count on getting to your destination, comfortably, without hassle. Their staff is amongst the friendliest, most accommodating in the industry. In addition, the in flight entertainment is second to none. regardless of the"
Always Pick Blue!,"JetBlue has never let me down! Even with the oddball customers, this airline has been good to me since 2007! The T5 terminal at JFK is always nice and is supplied with all the outlets and comforts anyone could need. Grab an even more seat for the best leg room economy can buy!"
JetBlue is my favorite airline!,If I can fly JetBlue I will. This airline is first class all the way. Each seat has their own tv monitor so the kids can watch what they want. It keeps them entertained. Staff on plane are always nice and helpful. The snacks are varied too.
"Excellent Service, Ontime Flight, Appreciated Legroom","Let me preface this review by stating first off, I previously gave no thought to flying jetBlue; before 2018, their routes were limited and were more expensive than most mainline or legacy carriers. However, upon my first flight with them, they have completely changed my opinion"
"Great flight, staff a little rude",I always fly Jetblue and was pleasantly surprised that this was a newer aircraft. I love the endless amount of tv/movies that are available for free. This flight was a 6 hour flight and we were only served one snack and on drink the entire way and the flight attendant we had was
Extra leg room,"I like the value in JetBlue, checked bag is $30 up to 50lb. I find that reasonable combined with the low airfare. The flight was on time, boarding was quick, extra leg room seat had ample space to stretch legs, snacks and non alcoholic beverages are free as well as some movies."
"Great Airline, but sometimes slow to disembark and get baggage","I love Jetblue, but I am getting cautiously concerned about my flight yesterday. The cons outweighed the pros this time. > entertainment systems not working on all seats (ie my role) even after 2 reboots > post-arrival landing, sat on tarmac for 10 mins while jetway had trouble"
Great Flight,"Jet Blue offers non stop from Orlando to Montego Bay. We used to have to fly down to Miami for a connection, that was aweful. Jet Blue probably has the roomiest seats for the basic price. We had plenty of leg room which meant a lot as we both are tall. Very smooth sailing. "
JetBlue cannot be trusted to be on time. Ever!,"Once again, JetBlue's flights have backed up so that my flight delay is longer than the flight itself. This has happened all but one time when anyone in my family has flown JetBlue in the past two years. Extra legroom and some cookies do not make up for getting home in the wee"
"THE BEST IN SEATS, SERVICE, PRICES, SAFETY","Our Mint flight was beyond belief as we finally took one of the new 2 class planes of Jet Blue. Mint puts first class down hard. The atmosphere of the chrome and blue MINT section with sleeper seats, goose down comforters and pillows, meals that are as if you are at a 4-5 star"
Way to Fly,Mint class is the best. Unfortunately not everyone can fly this class but the flight attendants still make your trip comfortable with excellent service.
One of the best airlines!,"JetBlue has always been one of my favorite airlines to fly on because of its reliability, service, and amenities. The seats are always comfortable and roomy, they offer great amenities such as coffee and food, and we even once got our seats upgraded for free. We checked-in"
Who Knew,"This was my first time or maybe one in a long time. Try JetBlue. My flight was not overbooked. The seating is rommy, boarding smooth and they offer movies. It was an early morning flight 6:45 but I hope all their flights are this pleasant. Crew was very pleasant I will book with"
Great fkight,"I always transcon on this flight. On time. Fast. Comfortable. Sleep. Watch TV or movies. Leather seats. As some old timers from the west will remember, ""The Only Way to Fnow jetBlue."
annual Aruba Trp,Flight to and back from Aruba in October 2018 and the flight and service was very good. The nly drawback is the trip to JFK which is always a nightmare
Average flight,JetBlue does a lot of advertising emphasizing the positive features. I find the final product may not match the advertising expectations. The JetBlue app is good and provides you up to date information. The leg room is good. The planes are now beginning to look old. The airline
Horrible delay!,"Delayed 3 hours for maintenance, then sat on the plane for over an hour waiting on the log book to actually depart. A man left man because of the wait and demanded his bag from below so we had to wait additional time for them to get his bag off. Ridiculous and I won’t be flying"
Always a pleasant experience.,Every single time I book jet blue I just know it's going to be good. Love the planes always clean and very well kept. Speedy check in process. The extra legroom seats are awesome. The middle snack bar is the greatest thing ever.(update the cookies please). The terminals always
The worst e perience with flying company,"The worst, first a 4 hours delay from Costa Rica to fort Lauderdale on the 12, because of this it made us loose our connection to Atlanta, we tried to make things happen, drove 3 hours+ from fort Lauderdale to Orlando changed the flights to leave to Atlanta from Orlando and"
Great service,"Airline provided courteous, efficient service and went out of their way to ensure the wheelchair service requested for my wife was accommodated as arranged at our departure, connecting flight and destination as well as providing very convenient seating on all flights."
Great Flight,"We paid for the extra space service on an early morning flight on Christmas day. The flight attendants were jovial with their elves hats and brightened with joy. I like the window seat, my husband enjoys the aisle so there's no problem going to the Men's room, a passenger sat"
Running a little late,"The plane was an hour later than scheduled, was an excellent flight into JFK airport. Luggage was sent straight to Shanghi Airport which we had to pick up our luggage and take through again which was a pain in butt."
Smooth ride all the way.,"This was a very enjoyable trip from Boston to Ft. Myers. We boarded on time with everyone being polite with bags, waiting to be seated and respectful of each other in flight. Smooth ride all the way, take off and landing. This plane seemed to be updated with bigger TV screens"
More Room,Very Comfortable ride. The more legroom really makes a big difference. Also you get to board the flight first.
"Uneventful, easy boarding","Uneventful flight. Easy boarding, airlines accommodated seniors on our trip by providing them vacant Economy comfort seats with no additional charge. Loved it"
Early,Early flights are good to avoid delays....but Westcheater can have weather issues like fog. Check in at Westcgeater is cramped and a bit disorganized
always a great experience!,Jet blue is my go-to airline. I absolutely love them and love their customer service from phone to face to face interaction. They are seriously #1 in my book.
On time - great service - good prices,"Easy boarding at Barbados- flight was full - but left ahead of schedule, crew efficient and friendly, the free snacks and drinks are always welcome. Prices are far better than AA, and appear to have far fewer delays. More standard legroom in all seats. Will always book JB over"
Jet Blue is the way to go......,"Jet Blue is always a great experience and much more leg room than the Delta lines. It's great to have your own individual screen so you can watch what you want when you want how you want. The only issue is that on both going and return flights, there was some issue with the"
Great Flight - Great Crew,"Flight down slightly delayed prior to departure due to male passenger being removed from aircraft for shoving another male passenger (not his fault). Crew & Security handles it swiftly, professionally and within FAA Protocol. Return Flight was comfortable, aircraft 1/2 full"
Highly recommended,The flight was outstanding and the crew was very helpful. I personally wants to thank Jetblue for taking cops all over the country for free of cost for Police funerals. Those serve and protect the nation appreciate your help. God bless and thanks again.
Boston to Bridgetown direct,Having a direct flight on a vacation trip with family is always a nice option. Only issue was one piece of checked luggage ended up on a different carousel from all the rest so we lost time looking for it. Final approach on return trip landing at Boston was aborted and plane
On time flight and one of the few airlines that offers good complimentary snacks,Normal row sitting is comfortable and they offer the more space option which is not too expensive compared to other airlines
Great company,This is a great company to fly with. Of all the domestic companies in the United States this is the best. I had a great experience. Although they don't feed you they still provide drinks and plenty of munchies that you can actually served yourself if you are hungry. I just wish
Always more comfortable than Southwest,"Since my first time flying with them a few years back, I have become such a fan of this airline. It is such a different experience than Southwest. More legroom, entertainment of your choice as everyone has their own screen. Sometimes, it's just the little things, like giving"
Best flight I've had in years.,Loved the leg room. I had almost forgotten the days when airlines tried to make their customer's ride as pleasent as possible. I will try to get a ride with JetBlue whenever possible from now on.
Round trip to Long Beach CA,"I normally fly American or United and was s bit skeptical about buying a ticket with JetBlue. I was pleasantly surprised, first no big crowds like DFW or HOU airports, access and parking in the airport, no problem. Check in and bag turn in went fast and flawless, my boarding"
Very Disappointed,"A few times I've ignored the fact that my flight was delayed. This trip was so annoying. Seat was broke. Flight delayed, sat on a plane for a while waiting to take off as well. Arrived at Tampa airport went to car rental I had reserved only to find out they gave my car to some"
Pet Carrier,Worst airline dealing with pets. They need to increase the dimensions for the pet or they need to buy bigger plan. It’s 2019 and cats traveling on 17.5 inch length. It’s not comfortable for the pet especially when the trip is 17 hrs flying from Cleveland to turkey laying over 1
BOS-CUN needs new planes,"I fly JetBlue 2-3x a year, frequently between BOS-SFO. They're a great carrier for this trip - WiFi, TV and snacks with seats that are comfortable enough for the 5-6 daytime hours. However, I recently flew BOS-CUN for vacation, and I was really disappointed to see that are"
Great flight great company,My experience was top notch with JetBlue. Mid morning flight. Check in was easy. Staff very attentive and helpful. Flight was on time. Seats were great watched TV in flight over comfortable extra leg room was nice. Flight crew was on point friendly and courteous. Entire
Always accommodating,We have a grandson 18 with Autism who was going to fly by himself and we were concerned. We called Jet Ble and they set up the entire trip by arranging to have someone escort him to his gate and when he arrived bring him to the baggage area.
I love JetBlue,"Flight going was on time and my experience with JetBlue is that they are usually on time. Flight home was delayed due to weather. I was made aware of the delay several hours before the original departure time. This allowed me to stay at my hotel longer, rather than at the"
Terrible,"Due to ridiculous change flight rules, I ended up having to lose my ticket. They do not allow you to postpone your ticket, even though you will also be charged for this option, until you re-set you travel dates. You must give new dates of departure prior to your original flight"
JetBlue Knows What to Do!,"My flight's departure time was changed at least 4 times an hour before I was suppose to leave for the airport, which was a bit annoying since I worried about plans that I had made. We ended up leaving about 15-20 mins past the original departure time and got to Boston very"
Always Great Serice,"Great quick flight from Boston to Philadelphia on a Monday morning. The flight attendants were friendly, provided free snacks and drinks and the plane was nice and clean. I sat in seat 3D and had a great view of the city of Boston as we took off and a great view of Philadelphia"
Not a family friendly Airline,Our flight was suddenly rerouted to jfk when we were originally set to fly into westchester airport with NO transportation accommodation refund nor local accommodation for a flight into westchester airport the following day. Nothing! I approches the staff at the terminal and
Blue's Larger Planes are more comfortable,"We mainly fly Jetblue out of HPN, Westchester. Blue uses a small 2 2 configuration for that airport. The larger planes out of JFK are a 3 3 configuration and are much more comfortable. We purchased even more space seats and truly enjoyed our 3 hour flight. Staff was pleasant and"
Good airline to fly,"The airport check in service was superior. No delays and very professional services. Flight was nice and comfortable. Landing was really great. JetBlue terminal at JFK was very nice and efficient with free wi-fi service "
Fastest ride home,Flew home New Year’s Eve red eye.... made it home from west coast San Diego to New York JFK in 4 hours 26 minutes. Every seat was provided with a little package with ear plugs and eye mask. Super fast flight. Slept through 95% of flight. I missed the snacks and beverages but if
Uncomfortable,Flight was delayed over two hours because the Captain's chair had to be replaced. What? Really? Can't that be done during regular maintenance? Such a weird thing to delay a flight. I would suppose that there really isn't regular maintenance performed. It was a little unsettling.
Jetblue Again,"This is the second time in a couple months we've flown Jetblue, and again, we had a great experience. Check in was a breeze, flight on time, flight crew welcoming and accommodating, seats were comfortable and the flight was shorter than expected. Bags arrived at the carousel"
Direct flights and very friendly staff make for an enjoyable trip.,"We always fly JetBlue from Richmond to Fort Lauderdale because it is non-stop, less expensive than other airlines, have TV and music at each seat and have very nice staff. The planes are usually smaller which helps with the loading and unloading aspects of the flight."
Bad experience with JetBlue,"It was my fist and last time I fly with a poor company like JetBlue. I had a 5negative experience. The JetBlue doesn’t have online checking which is a minimum requirement in 2018 so you need to stay 3 hours before at the airport. Baggage, low quality services, they will find"
The True Blue,"This was my first time flying with JetBlue. The staff was very friendly and the plane was nice and clean. We did have a delay returning home due to a little bad weather but the staff kept us updated via text, which I thought was great. The young female pilot took on the weather"
front desk for flight 1394 on Jan 5 11:58am,"this review is not for the amazing crew on the flight, but for the employee at the counter for this flight. As I was waiting for the flight, I thought I heard a faint voice calling my last name. I wasn't sure, so I asked my husband if he heard my name being called. He wasn't"
Pay extra also your Panties,"Well they charged us for anything. Seems the Ryanair of Europe few years ago until they got mobbed by all the clients and had to change their rules. Wake up and dont bother passengers, you flights are empty!!"
JetBlue seems to try harder,"I am a former hard core frequent flyer. There was a time when I put in 250,000 miles per year for work. Now I travel more like 50,000 miles per year and almost all of it is with JetBlue. It's not that JB doesn't make mistakes, they do. But they seem to try harder than"
5 star crew on flight 841,My three year old daughter has now been on 20+ flights. We fly multiple airlines and JetBlue is by far the best! Staff is so friendly. Huge shout of to the flight attendants and pilots. Thanks for making my daughters day!
DAB to JFK,Though we had to wait almost three hours as there were flight delays the flight was good. We are sorry to say that this flight does not exist any longer as JetBlue pulled out of Daytona Beach. I guess the money numbers were not there. I hope they will come back as this was a
Getting right were it counts!,We flew on jet blue from JFK to Saint Martin for our family Christmas vacation. The New York terminal is very busy even early in the morning so give yourself extra time but once you're past TSA your good to go there terminals nice and good for breakfast or last minute
Uneventful flight NYC - CHS,This early flight from NYC to CHS was quite uneventful. Boarding was simple and flight itself was pleasant. Not many bumps while in the air and I could sleep a bit.
I fly jet blue whenever I can,"In the last 2 years I have flown with jet blue over and over. I always feel safe with this airline, so most of my domestic flights I choose this airline. The service is usually good. This trip to Vegas was an hour delay going and a few hours coming home but this isnt usually"
Great service,"Great service, The flight crew is very professional. Handed out offer for JetBlue card. Got a free trip for signing."
Blue makes competitors green with envy....,"Our 1st trip on Blue: Cheap fares, clean,tidy,functional, spacious, businesslike. What is there not to like ? I would fly again this summer when I am back in the USA"
Starting to slip!!!,Jet blue needs to remember that vthe one thing your competitor can't undersell is good service. This used to be your Hallmark but you are slipping. Less than friendly cabin attendants bordering on surly. I want to put it down to a bad day!!
On time,"I took Jetblue to Las Vegas on December 21st and returned 26th. No complaint about the flight staffs both ways. I think they should give more than chips on a 6 hour flight, but I guess that's what it came down to now. For 4 people, we paid $2390. I had only one issue and it was"
Midsize,Very pleased with the amount of leg room in economy. The in flight free movie options made the time fly :) by.
Easy Travel,"I flew a day before the big rush travel day. The cabin crew was polite and efficient and they seemed to have the same idea as me, to get in before things got too busy. A few extra seats made it even more comfortable than usual. I love the seats, a little more leg room and just"
AMAZING EXPERIENCE,I'm going to make this short and sweet. Jetblue is my absolute favorite airline out there. every time I need to make changes to my flight the accommodate in ways I didn't think existed before. Sometimes even not changing anything at all or even getting credit bank on a flight i
Easy Travels & Friendly Attendants,"I truly enjoy this flight from Fort Lauderdale to Barbados. The boarding process is always smooth, and the flight attendants were very attentive. I upgrade to an Even More Space seat, which provided greater comfort. The flight is about 3.5 hours long and is easy to manage,"
The JetBlue experience,"I want to stay thank you between the pilots and flight attendants on flight 1105. January 5,2019. The staff was a rating of 20. The flight attendant she called everyone by there names as she serviced the cabin of the aircraft. The pilots got us there 37 min before actually"
Blue yonder no Blue Wonder,"We (family of four adults) landed in LA from Australia and made our way to Terminal 5 at LAX for our flight on JetBlue 488 to Boston. Local security was annoying (not the airlines fault) as always with shoes off, phones out, ipads out, belts off but they keep us safe. The"
Unlucky with timing but very comfortable seats,"The flight from Seattle to Logan was fine: the economy seats are the best I've sat in for a while. The connection in BOS to BWI was not good but they did their best to be only 1 hour later than planned. Of course, snacks were provided. Logan is not well set up for the JetBlue"
Comfortable,"First time travelling with JetBlue and I look forward to the next time. Lots of legroom. Free snacks, soft drinks and juice. On flight entertainment and wifi. Just make sure to take a standard plug in headset/earphones as on board purchase of these will run you $5us. And you"
Best airline in my book,I love that there is no first class. They spread the legroom out for everyone. Of course you can up grab for a little more leg room but not much of a difference for me. I'm 6 foot but never feel too tight on a Jet blue flight. Flight was good.
Perfect Customer Service,"I had to call the 800 number to make a few changes to our flights. I was treated like royalty! Every question was answered, every request met. Equal to Alaska Airlines in my view. On our flight to Bogota the flight attendants were cranky as hell and did the absolute minimum"
On time and not expensive,JetBlue uses Newark which is easier from a logistic perspective (for us). They are not/less expensive and have so far been on time (give and take). There is no food just snacks on the flight but you can buy cold food if needed.
Love JetBlue and having Mosaic status certainly helps.,"Love Jet Blue. Like all airlines, things can go wrong. But of all the domestic US airines, JB is my favorite. This flight was perfect. Half full, we were offered an upgrade in seats. Crew was excellent and overall the flight went perfectly."
Noticeably Spacious Seating and Good Entertainment,"You can see and feel the extra inches of legroom and it makes a big difference from other airlines. The are brand name snacks to choose from and if you want an extra bag or two, you just ask. The entertainment options are great with tv channels, music channels, and recently"
Always a good flight,"Best inflight entertainment, free wifi and snacks, what could be better? We usually take JetBlue for our regular cross country flights due to their convenient schedules and comfortable planes. More legroom than most other airlines, too."
Love Jet Blue,We are frequent travelers between Ft. Myers and Westchester and always book with Jet Blue - we have been making these trips for 15 years and they are our first choice in airline. Only once have we experience a real problem and it was weather related so pretty mich out of their
Destination Wedding/mini vacation getaway,Myself and 3 others took the 6:30 am flight out of NYC to Jamaica. The check-in and baggage drop off process went smoothly but the tsa security check was horrible. I strongly recommend getting TSA pre check shorter lines. Luckily we were early at the airport so we didn't have to
Bad flight attendant service,The customer service over the phone was EXCELLENT!!! The flight attendant (Terrel)from my layover in New York to Fort Lauderdale was rude. I was told that my carry on on the over head bin and personal item under my seat but he saw other people put over two items in the bin plus
Jet blue,Apart from the fact that both our flights were delayed they took initiative in finding us a new flight (which was also delayed) so we did not miss our connecting flight. They also managed to get our luggage on the new flight with us although there was very limited time between
Very Friendly Staff,"Whenever I choose to fly somewhere, I always fly JetBlue. Flights can be very boring, but they fixed that by giving everyone their individual tv. On that tv are three relatively new movies and about forty other channels. Make sure to bring headphones or earbuds because the sound"
Great flight,Clean and roomy aircraft. Great in-flight entertainment system. Good selection of complimentary snacks. Attentive and helpful agents in airport and in flight. Great airline experience.
Love them!,"Flights on time, excellent free snacks selection, comfortable seats, and economy tickets. I really don't ask for more. Well done JetBlue."
They are what they say they,"Clean, comfortable flight with lots more legroom than the legacy airlines. I was NOT impressed with the gate staff at either Bradley or Fort Lauderdale. A little training on how to talk to people might go a long way in Fort Lauderdale. I didn't have a problem, but I overheard"
comfortable,A very comfortable flight with decent leg room and Airbus wide seats. Entertainment was excellent and the free snacks were nice. A much better experience than my last flight on American.
Love this airline!,It doesn’t matter where you sit on this plane. Tons of legroom. You don’t feel like the person next to you is sitting on top of you. Your own TV in the seat back keeps you entertained the whole flight. The flight attendants are very attentive. You’re not limited to a bag of
connecting flight from jfk to mco,great value as always and always like the extra legroom seats. this airline almost always runs on time if not they will compensate.
Aircraft are aging,"JetBlue is my go too airline, and are usually well maintained, clean, and are very competitively priced. Recently however, the aircraft were dirty, and worn, pricing has increased dramatically. Lastly, flight attendants are not as friendly as they have been historically."
Uncomfortable extra room seats,"I put business class, but it was actually an extra leg room seat. I try to fly Jetblue, when possible, but this particular flight was one of the most uncomfortable seat experiences ever. I had an extra room seat for leg space, which was fine, but the width of the seat was"
Well at least it isn't United!,"Legroom could be better but at least it isn't United. The TV at my seat was intermittent so watching a movie wasn't an option. Considering the price of the flight, charging extra for luggage was bordering on criminal. Luggage the we paid extra to check looked like it was"
Cashless for Baggage Fees? Have to pay an extra $5 to be able to use cash?,"Unbelievable! I had a replacement debit card that only allows atm use, no charging on such a card, and was told that my $30 baggage fee could not be paid with cash! since when is jet blue cashless? apparently, this is not a uniform policy at all airports, but was for my flight"
FLYING IS NOT MUCH FUN ANY MORE BUT jetBLUE IS A BRIGHT SPOT,I took my first flight in 1961 and I have been flying ever since. My wife and I have fond memories of what we like to call the glory years of flying. Back then we felt like our vacation began when we left for the airport. We looked forward to flying. Most everyone seemed to
Good,"Choose this airlines every time I flight to WPB. Not disappointed did round trip, the flights were in time good snacks on board and the space for legs was not too bad."
Great airline,"The plane was ready on time, while they said we could hit some turbulence we did not, got in early, had our luggage come out quickly and the snacks were OK. Only issues was that my wife's TV did not work."
Perfect Direct Flight,"I took my daughter to Universal for her birthday. The flight from Syracuse to Orlando was really great. The BEST landing I've ever experienced!! The return flight was really great as well. On both flights, the Flight Attendants were very nice and attentive. Both flights"
Flight got delayed and ugly planes,The flight got delayed twice because of a maintenance issue and the planes are very old for today’s standards.
Hard to find anything wrong with JetBlue!,"I find JetBlue consistent and reliable and quite generous in terms of value. The seats are comfortable and there's an option to purchase a larger seat, so my family was able to sit together and our toddler had room to play. There's free wifi on board as well as seat"
Comfortable Views,"There was lots of leg room, and comfortable seats on the specific aircraft I was on. The technology was great, including the TV's, WiFi and In-Seat Power Outlets. The employees were extremely friendly. The only downfall is the price for baggage. There were a couple flaws, being"
Direct flight! Almost always on time,Can't beat JetBlue to anywhere they fligh. Most flights are non stop and the people who work for the airline care about their customers.
Worst Airline,Spend some extra money and save yourself the headache of having consistently cancelled or delayed flights. Our plane was scheduled for 11:00 and had maintenance issues. They tried to switch it out with another plane but that one also had maintenance issues. It’s now 4:00 and
Really nice flight but uncomfortable ExtraSpace seat cause it wouln't lock,"TA doesn't have a class of service category for this, but my seat was in the ExtraSpace section, which is like Economy Plus on some other airlines, but better. The Extra Space seat on this flight was wide enough and had tons of legroom. I'm fairly short so I'm not as concerned"
"Unhelpful, and somewhat rude, employees","First time flying with Jetblue. I found the staff at all levels to be curt and even rude with even the basic requests. None of the staff seemed to want to be there, frustrating, as I find myself to always be respectful and patient."
Mint Still Great ( with one exception),"Once again Mint on JetBlue did a great job ! Took them from Boston to San Francisco R/Trip to visit family over the Holidays . Stewards and Stewardesses were great , food and drink excellent . Seats are terrific . The exception on the outbound flight was delay in getting luggage"
Comfortable flight with excellent customer service,"This is my first time flying with Jet Blue and I found it to be a breath of fresh air especially when travelling with 3 kids under 5. The seats were comfortable, they provided yummy snacks and good selection of drinks. The entertainment also kept the kids occupied for the"
Price Gouging,$150 for each surfboard is ludicrous. There is no way this fee is justifiable. It cost $1050 to fly with 7 boards. JetBlue takes pride in ripping off their customers. Consider flying with a different airline.
Love Flying JetBlue,"There is more room. My biggest complaint is people disembarking once the plane lands. They jump up, begin to fetch their baggage and stand in the isle with their butt in your face, literally! They really do need to learn plane etiquette.. No one is moving. If they were, I"
Best Airline Service,"Flight from Lax to Orlando and back from Orlando to Lax flight 131. Crew was very friendly and offered free items like eye mask to sleep, hot towelettes when arriving to refresh. Refreshments were offered several times. Seats are the most comfortable of any economy flight I’ve"
So Grateful,"I have been a satisfied customer of JetBlue for a number of years now. I have always been happy with the service, fares & overall operation of the airline. However, recent events have prompted me to sit a write a review so I can share my experience with others. My mom was"
Christmas Vacay with Family,"I absolutely love JetBlue Airlines. I travel to Jacksonville, Florida 3 to 4 times a year which always includes the Christmas Holiday. I discovered that JetBlue's planes were more roomier than other Airlines. Their crews are courteous and friendly. Even their reservations"
friendly,flight was delayed due toweather conditions but overall it was a good flight with friendly personnel
Consistently good,"Since Jetblue started doing business I have been a loyal customer because whenever I fly with them I know what to expect every time. Always so far good customer service. The few times that there has been an issue, it was minimal, tolerable and nothing is perfect. I wish all"
Great experience,"JetBlue always offer a great experience and value. When possible, I chose them as my airline. Friendly, professional, and always willing to attend to your needs. Planes are clean and individual TVs is a great add-on."
Dogs Dogs Dogs,I like dogs but there were 5 on this 4 1.2 hour red eye flight ✈️. There was a small dog in the aisle seat and I had the window. The dog used the bathroom. Not sure what dog facilities are for dogs but no one cleaned after the animal. One dog was very large thankfully not in my
Very pleasant flight,Seats were very roomy - pleasantly surprised! Even though we left a few minutes late due to an uncooperative passenger refusing to buckle a child into a seatbelt - still arrived within a few minutes of our scheduled time. Hated paying $30.00 for my bag though. Next time might
Reliably Good,"Overall positive experience. Efficient check-in. On-time flight, smooth trip. Friendly and responsive attendants. Good communication from cockpit. Comfortable seating with adequate leg room. The only drawback was my TV screen was frozen, so I couldn't watch the Steelers game. To"
5 hr delay- JetBlue gives you voucher-Seriously,1 nonstop flight goes from Ontario to JFK; 5 hours delayed; to sit first at the airport for 3 hours and than almost 2 hours on tarmac!!! No Weather Issues !!! They gave travel voucher as if one would fly with them again- they should be giving refund. Will Never travel with them
"Nice leg room, good entertainment options",As a budget traveler his is my preferred airline ( versus AA or United ). The movie/tv options are good and the leg room is better than the competition. Fares are comparable to AA and United.
Rude attendants and very poor overall.,"Just returned on Dec 29 flight 2772. This airline is a joke. Paid over $1100 for the tickets and they want to charge for a beer. The attendants were rude, surly and inattentive. One was chewing gum whilst serving talking to passengers. The others were not happy. The male"
Jetblue Experiences,"The flight with JetBlue was oke although I did fly better airlines, but the good thing about jetblue is that it's a direct flight from Cur to NY, because I hate connection flights, so that is a plus for Jetblue. The entertainment on board of the aircraft really sucks because"
Always Perfection,"I book all my flights with Jet Blue because they seem to have the direct flight to my destination be it SC,Fla,Caribbean and even west coast. I am semi disabled. No delays, Quickly boarding with always a big smile and offer to assist me with my carry on. If flight is not full"
JetBlue Flight Crew Can’t Communicate,"We had a terrible experience on JetBlue. Delayed first because of a late plane, then we finally get on the plane (boarded 15 mins after our estimated “delayed” departure). They announce that we are about to take off, but then nothing happens. The pilot finally comes on and"
"Flight 119 from Albany, NY to Orlando, FL","I don’t like to fly at all. I get very nervous and scared, especially with any turbulence. The two flight attendants, Matthew and Kevin were awesome in making me feel better! I ordered my drinks and I was obviously very upset about the bumpy flight. I asked them questions about"
Airline Travel - JetBlue to Punta Cana,JetBlue is my preferred airline. The customer service and friendliness is great. There was a 2 hour delayed on our departure to Punt Cana. The great thing is they had the gate re-opened to allow passengers reprieve to stretch there legs. Whereas some airlines would have left
I would give zero if possible. DO NOT FLY JETBLUE.,I have flown JetBlue many times and given MANY chances and JetBlue NEVER FAILS to disappoint. EVERY SINGLE flight I have ever booked with JetBlue has experienced some form of delay. Usually this ends in so many delays that JetBlue is forced to credit its customers some form of
Nicest Staff Ever,I experienced a panic attack this morning and when I rang the flight attendant button she came right away. She helped me get through it and was super helpful and sweet towards me. Another flight attendant came by as well to check on me when she got up for a second and he was
"The only way to fly ","The only way to fly is jet blue. The reservationists are extremely friendly and helpful. The flight attendants could not be nicer. We cannot fly any other airline "
Awful. Experience,I boarded Jet Blue in Salt Lake City. There was a 2 hour delay. They told us that they would hold our connecting flight. They didnt. The doors closed 10 minutes early and we missed the flight. So we have to spend the night in the airport. No offer of food coupons or any
Whatever,"Adequate. I would stop there if I could offer a review of one word. Meh. So-so. Like a really fast bus in the sky. I paid way more than I should have to get where I needed to be. The plane took off on time. Landed safely. One and a half hours. No meals. Blankets, ear buds, cost"
"Scared,upset,frustrated!!!!","Dec15/2018 me and my husband were flying to Curacao for our 30 year anniversary.My husband has a disability and I had broken pinky toe on my leg.Upon entered the plane I was trying to put my handbag to the top bin,but the flight attendant immediately grabbed it and commanded"
Nice airline,We flew Jet Blue the other day for the first time and were happily surprised. The staff is very accommodating and professional. They allow military early boarding (we took advantage of this). The seats were wide. The tv screens/channel selection was excellent. Will fly again and
Same Great Service,Great service from beginning to end. Pleasant flight crew and flight into BGI. JetBlue continues to exceed all expectations and gives great customer service.
No complains. Professional staff and soft landing.,"Our flight was rather uneventful, which is good. No issues. Water and chips. On our return flight from Barbados to New York, the flight was delayed by more than three hours, and we only got notification at the airport from Jetblue..."
Best Domestic Airline,"Mint service on Jetblue is about the best in the market - well priced, amazing service and really great food - well worth the upgrade fees."
Flight,Recommend using Jet Blue for a longer flight. Some of the best seats on airplane! Great price and service.
First time Jetblue flyer,"First time flying with this airline last week and it was one of the best flight I have ever taken. The airplane/seats are very specious, they offer in flight wifi and entertainment and the service I received from the flight attendants was top notch. Great job jet blue I will be"
JFK to Jacksonville Florida Quick getaway.,"Boarding is very slow on JetBlue, usually only 1 person is scanning the tickets and some people try and cut the line so either they huddle around the gate or they go back through the line, very annoying. Planes seem to be all late model A320's. Snacks are similar to other"
JetBlue,"JetBlue is the only airline that still treats a traveler as though they are important. Flight attendants are empowered to give extra perks for travel delays. Free TV without logging in hassle. Quality snack assortment not just pretzels or peanuts. Reasonable seat space, ( I am"
Pleasant flight,"Very well organized boarding, on time departure, early arrival, good on board service, well organized luggage delivery. A little personal touch: steward named all passengers by name."
Fabulous Mint Service,We recently tried the Mint Class of Service from LAX to Boston in November 2018. It was fantastic and the flight attendants were the best on any of the other flights we took on this trip. The lay flat seats were comfortable and we were so happy with the service. The food was
JetBlue - Best In The Business!!,"Recently traveled with JetBlue to NYC for a Christmas get-a-way. The experience was absolutely fantastic. Traveling the skyways has been a big part of my life with work and family get-a-ways. Through the years, I've learned to analyze airline customer service for the cost. As"
It was quite comfortable.,"Great flight! Price was nice, no delays, simple but good service. It was a good thing that I didn't choose another airline which made me feel really upset just a few days ago."
Best Airline Service,I travelled with jetblue several times in the past but did use other airlines whenever I got a better deal. For the past two years I am only using jet blue because if its prompt ontime and courteous service. I booked two of my vacation through Jetblue for 2019 so far. The
Over and above customer service,3 things make my experience exceptional. I am a newbie and everyone was super helpful. The flight was late to take off so they just flew faster to get us there on time and the steward named Vladamier was the best I've every experienced. he went above and beyond to make us feel
Bad Flight-Customer service,"Turbulence was so bad people were screaming and crying. Pilot or stewardess never came on and warned us of turbulence and not even after did the Pilot come on and apologize. Calling customer service they were so rude. Asking me what do I expect, a compensation. Also telling me"
What a blessing after being stranded by another airline,I am so thankful for JetBlue. What a remarkable difference. We had another airline strand us in Newark as we were returning from a trip to the Caribbean. We got last minute seats on JetBlue. The JetBlue regular seats have more leg room than the Business Class on the other
Customer service/baggage handling sucks,"I flew from Boston to Atlanta coming from Dubai, i could say the flight was smooth. My issue with Jetblue was the way my luggage was handled. At Boston where i had a connecting flight to Atlanta, i checked in 11 suitcases, on arrival to Atlanta, one of the suitcase was missing."
Great flight,"The flight was full, but service was great. It was a very smooth landing - I didn't even notice it since I was reading a book."
"Best Non Stop from Orlando To San Jose, Costa Rica","Love this flight, easy 2 hour 40 min flight! Non stop, great service. Unlimited TV, in house movies! Price wise is the cheapest , unless you don't mind an additional stop and add a couple of hours to the trip. Leave Orlando at 8 and in San Jose at noon ."
"The flight was smooth, no delay","The flight was OK, no delays, good service, although virtually no food on 4 hour flight. We made a mistake to not buy some food while in the airport, so we were pretty hungry when we arrived. Otherwise everything was great."
On Time or Early both ways!!,"Great flight. Actually arrived early and on a day with weather issues, too. Service was simply above and beyond."
Horrible and terrible and stupid service!!!!!,Terrible and horrible service and bad attitudes from employees. If I can give 0 stars I would do so.
Jet blue is average,Jet blue is always good but they are getting like the others. The airfare is not cheap anymore. The boarding is slow but free TV and snacks.
JetBlue are fab,"JetBlue are always my preferred domestic airline. They are usually very affordable, have great legroom and comfy seats and are helpful when changes need to be made. I’ve never had a minute’s trouble communicating with anyone who works for them - and I’ve been flying JetBlue"
"Crew Members - Rude and Unprofessional, Even More Speed - Did not work, waste of money","I've been a fan of this airline for years. Now I am totally dissappointed. Terrible crew members experience, cold heart flight attendants, letting baby cry for 45 minutes, issuing warnings and saying that only physical injury matters, emotional does not count. We have an older"
Could perhaps be a little better.,"The flight got switched to later several times, both before we were traveling, and on the day we were traveling. Perhaps the final postponing was partly because there was very bad weather for two days previously? The flight itself was smooth enough, and the service was good"
Consistent,"We’ve been flying with JetBlue for years and have had all good experiences... So much, that even if we do find more affordable fare, we stay with Jetblue."
Good room for coach,"I haven't flown Jet Blue in a while, nice surprise. First, boarding was done well as long as passengers followed their proper group. There was a delay because of the weather but the time was made up. As is typical, food and alcoholic beverages are extra. For about $40, we could"
Worst loudest music ever!,I think I’m going deaf the music is ridiculously loud and absolutely tasteless!! Please save me from this hell
Confusing carry on bag rules,The website says that a carry on bag has to meet 22-14-9 inches dimensions including the wheels and handle. My bag with wheels was about 1.75 inches longer so I paid $30 to check in. Later I saw so many passengers had same bags as I did and they were allowed to carry on. I wish
Customer service,The customer service on my flight was absolutely horrible. I asked a flight attendant if I could use the restroom that was at the front of the plane and she responded with “the seatbelt sign is still on”. The seatbelt sign was on the entire 6 hour flight so I’m confused if she
They flew when other airlines were cancelled!,"My family of three were able to travel last minute with JetBlue to FLL when all the other airlines were experiencing delays and/or cancellations! Although there was a 15 minute delay on our departure we arrived in FLL in 32 minutes! Additionally, I received email updates"
I love JetBlue,We just flew from Orlando to Cancun in December 2 to December 12 on JetBlue and as always the experience and the airline is exceptional. The economy seats are more comfortable and roomier than other airlines. The inflight snacks and entertainment are also great. I choose JetBlue
A great airline for domestic flights,"We flew to Florida on Delta and home on JetBlue. While the waiting area at Fort Lauderdale was kind of crowded and a little dingy, once we boarded the plane, things got better. This was my second trip with JetBlue. I am quite satisfied. The seats were larger and much more"
Flight delayed over 2 hours and seems like this happens every time I fly JetBlue,"Taking a trip for the holidays we were excited to get on our way. After hearing that the plane coming from Boston had mechanical issues and was delayed, we tried to think of reasons it was not so bad...only 30 minute, right? That 30 minutes turned into over 2 hours and then"
Great non stop,We take this non stop Saturday flight to the Turks every year but this year for some reason they bumped up the departure time to 6AM which was tough. We landed in the Turks at 9:30 AM - since our room was not ready until 4PM we booked the room for the night before to be sure we
Fly the blue skies with JetBlue,"Jet Blue has done it right, time and time again. Their service just gets better every time we fly. For my entire family it’s always our first choice!"
Very good,That flight was fast and safe. This is my third time to use JetBlue and I really recommend. Excellent service.
Jetblue it's not the same,Now you have to pay for your baggage. Most TV are damaged. Nothing like the way they began business. Flight attendants are nice.
5 hour delay from Santiago. Offered a credit and never got it.,Not a favorite trip. The airline was delayed from Newark and no back up. Very limited services at the Santiago Airport. Punta Cana from now on.
Great Nonstop flight from RSW to JFK,"Love the direct, nonstop flights from RSW to JFK! JetBlue is definitely one of the better domestic airlines, in my opinion. The legroom space in regular economy is very good and even better in the Even More Leg Room Section. The snacks are varied and much better than the"
5 FLT’s 7 days THANKSGIVING WEEK!,I left Logan the Saturday before Thanksgiving...arrived FLL for the NASCAR race at Miami-Homestead...left FLL for Key West late Sunday...on affiliate Silver Airways...a few days hanging with post Fantasy Festers...Silver back to FLL...JetBlue to Richmond / Charlottesville for
Trip before the Holiday.,Even with the Weather and delayed Flights we had a productive trip and a pleasant day. The winds were really howling but the packed plane climbed out fast and really smooth.
Easy and comfortable,"We have started booking JetBlue on our flights to Florida instead of United. They offer more leg room, more comfortable seats, and free video. Really is no comparison between two airlines these days."
Great Flying Experence,Everyone from the people at the airport to everyone on board are all so very nice and helpful Snacks are great!
The best of an imperfect industry,"Flying is an awful necessity, but it is usually the best way to go. I was an avid United Airlines customer ever since they bought Continental, however they have gotten to be as bad as Spirit with ridiculous add-ons and increasingly cramped seats. JetBlue has free entertainment"
Delay after delay after delay,"I saw the monitor at the airport, most of jetblue flights were delayed (and only theirs). Customer service was harsh and unhelpful outside the plane, inside it was pleasant. The plane was too old. To be honest, it was my first (and last) flying with them. I know southwest is"
More space and timeliness,"Excellent flight. On time and with more leg room. I will definitively recommend JetBlue.SInce the reservation made trhough their cellphone application to the boarding, everything was smooth and on time. Additional space and comfortable seats. All in all, JetBlue has become my"
Do the Right Thing Jet Blue,"Return trip from Richmond, VA to Fort Lauderdale, FL was a travelers nightmare. It was a 6:00am flight; arrived at the airport at 4:00am; boarded plane at 5:30 & by 6:30 an announcement was made that all passengers needed to deplane because there was a tire issue. New tires were"
Customer service when delay happened was very good,"Flight delayed 3+ hours due to mechanical issue. Initial delay posted as only 30 minutes, later extended to 1+ hours, then finally to 3+ hours. Would have liked to know longer delay earlier, since it meant we would miss connecting flight to FPO in Bahamas. However, once we knew"
Flight to Aruba,JetBlue is my favorite airline to fly. Their staff is so nice. I've never had an issue with this airline.
Changed Departure Airport,"JetBlue's customer service will not budge on compensating my boyfriend and I for changing our departure airport. The customer service rep and her supervisor were rude, did not try to understand how this change in departure airport costs me money, and refused to elevate the"
Plenty of Leg Room in Coach,JetBlue has kept coach leg room comfortable. It's not too tight and yet have room to move around. The inflight movies were also nice with good snacks and beverage.
NON STOP,Great flight great service. plenty of snacks and water. cabin crew was very attentive. boarding was smooth.
"Comfortable flight, on time, pleasant flight attendants, travelled with children and they were accomodating","I have travelled before on JetBlue without any trouble, and my husband just recently traveled on JetBlue for a quick trip to Fort Lauderdale, again courteous and comfortable travel experience."
They should be ashamed of themselves.,I ONLY fly Delta @Delta and I just reconfirmed why. I had no option for this flight. The aircraft is old and tired. When you enter it looks depressing and stale. The overhead bins have loose parts. The TV’s are tiny and OLD. The seats need to be updated along with the
Ticket Counter in Bogota will force you to check in your carry on to make more $$,"During my return trip from Bogota, I approached the ticket counter to get my tax exemption. I already had my boarding pass so I could have proceeded straight to the gate. In the course of the transaction, I was asked the security questions, as they always do. Except this time I"
Club Med in Flight,"I normally purchase the cheapest tickets to fly to my destination.. However, I find myself constantly choosing JetBlue. Not because they fly out of my hometown, but they have the most convenient check-in for individuals whom do not have the time to stand in line and prep their"
Worst service ever,"I just traveled to Salt Lake City in JetBlue and was just horrible. A guy named Dave that works for JetBlue was very racist and treated me in the worst way possible. After waiting 7 hours of delay I went to Dave to ask him a simple question, and he was super racist, he talked to"
If you have ever wondered what it would be like to ride in a Cattle Car then fly JetBlue,"Talk about cheap, they charge you for anything you want to eat, the only things that are free to eat are a bag of Cheetos on cookies. and just so you know I have learned to pack my own sandwich to eat on the flight but the only problem with bringing your own food id to get it"
Enjoy the legroom,"jetblue has the best legroom, which provides a passable experience for the redeye from SLC to BOS. Redeyes are not a good experience, but jb makes them bearable with the additional legroom to stretch out and they give you earplugs and eyeshades. 1-Place as little as you can"
Great Service,Best friendly airlines. Love flying jet blue. Decided this year to do only carry on luggage. Wrapped clothes tight and bought sun tan lotion in Aruba. Easy peasy.
Great service,"This nonstop flight from Boston to Cancun was just as we could have hoped. In just 3 1/2 hrs from wheels up to wheels down we were transported from the cold New England winter to the warmth of the Caribbean. There was plenty of leg room in regular coach seating, even for my 6"
A most relaxing flight and service,"We are a family of three coming back from San Francisco to Boston in mid September. We chose JetBlue because of our history of flying with this airline because of schedules, price, and TV features. Flight 134 had a beautiful new Airbus A321 plane. Light blue interior lighting,"
WEEKEND AT SENECA CASINO,"flew out of Boston, not checking the weather - and we came into Buffalo in a snowstorm. The pilot never missed a beat and landed as if it was summer time... awesome..."
JetBlue,"I have flown on JetBlue four times in the last month and had superlatives experiences for each flight. I think JetBlue has the cleanest most pleasant planes, and extremely friendly flight crew, a great on time record, The best complementary snacks and entertainment system and"
Great Service,"Great service by gate crew and cabin staff. Love the free wi-fi, TV, and snacks. What’s even better are the “even more speed and even more space options”. Some of the other airlines need to take some pointers here."
The Jet Blue game with Latin Destinatios,"Jet Blue broke into the market with a fresh approach to traveling at an affordable price with on Time departures and arrivals, that is long gone. It is really rare to travel especially overseas and have an on time arrival or departure. My return from DR was delayed for almost 4"
togarun55,The best airlines - on time and flight crew very friendly and helpful to others - only negative is that seats are small and congested
Perfect Flight,"Quick easy flight. Take off and landed safely, and on time. Smoothest landing ever! Global entry makes everything fast and smooth..."
What is Happening to JetBlue?,"JetBlue is my favorite airline and I travel with them when I travel to Boston and New York (only direct routes). Unfortunately, over the past year or so I have noticed the TVs' barely work, lacks internet access, seats still have crumbs in them from an earlier flights, the air"
"Clean, Friendly and On-Time service...",The courteous staff and comfort on board made all the difference . This is my ONLY preferred airline to fly .
Great service,I love flying on JetBlue. Flights are usually on time and customer service is great. Planes are clean (whatever that means for a plane). You also enjoy the luxury of watching free TV. Ample legroom and space between seats. Only thing I don't like is their tiny overhead
Best domestic airliner,"We are all so jaded with the pitiful state of US domestic airliners that sometimes we forget to give an airline a chance... JetBlue is really an exception, new planes, lots of ""knee room"" and fantastic flight attendants. Keep up the great work"
We have been flying Jetblue for about 10 years just for the extra legroom well that's worth it alone.,Thank goodness I can not remember any long delays I have also noticed that the pilots are very informative whether it's a mechanical delay or weather delay.
First time JetBlue Flyer,JetBlue had decent snacks and the drink selection was better than most..... the staff was very nice onboard and via customer service on the phone.... this was my first JetBlue experience and it was an enjoyable flight. The check bag fee was not too bad... I obviously prefer
On Time!!!!,"A very pleasant flight, miner bumps. the crew was professional and attentive to our needs. We were keep informed."
Great airline for the cost.,"My husband and I went away for a very delayed honeymoon. We didn't want to break the bank so we looked for a reasonably priced airline. We chose Jetblue for the cost and the services they offer. They offer a bit more than some of the bigger airlines, and the staff seem to be"
Birthday/Vacation,Great airline and fight staff. We had extra seating room. Purchased meals (salads and snacks) which were good and plentiful. On time service!!
New Mint planes,"New plans running Direct to ST. Lucia very nice. Seating comfortable Might try mint service sum day but, economy is just fine. Fair value. On time."
Excellent service plus easy to reach WiFi,"Flight was on time, comfortable seats, nice and helpful crew, free snacks and beverages , good quality WiFi which enabled me to work through the whole flight."
Our favorite airline,JetBlue has continually been our favorite go to airline. They always accommodate our needs when traveling. They will check your carry-on bag for you at the gate so you don’t have to hassle with it on the plane. The snacks and beverages are free and the flight attendants are
It got its best rating back from me!,"I've been a fan of Jetblue since its launch 20years ago. JetBlue has always been my choice and Virgin as well. But last couple of years, Jetblue's in-flight monitors were getting old and not turning on, everything was getting old, non-functional to the standards. I was getting"
Very Happy,"JetBlue is Awesome. For one thing, they're the only non-stop from Sac to New York, so no layovers and 5.5 hours instead of 10-14 hours. For another, from the desk to the stewards the crew and staff are very friendly and helpful. The seats are fairly comfortable, lots of free"
Best Airline Around,"Fantastic value, nice aircrafts, plenty of legroom and great crew members! JetBlue is always my go to airline."
The only way to Fly,"Let’s face it ....there are many airlines to choose from and I have traveled with many but ...I truly have to say I’ve been traveling with JetBlue for many years now because they have it right when it comes to #1 Convenience, check-in is a breeze. #2 The staff is very"
Everything other airlines are not,"I've been flying JetBlue from NY JFK to San Francisco round trip quite a few times over this past year for business. I must say, I would, and do, go out of my way to secure a seat on JetBlue when I fly. There is more seat room so I don't feel like a sardine in a can,they have"
Good flight,On time and although they have no first class the extra leg room is standard and appreciated. The Flight crew is always friendly and attentive.
True Blue,"Excellent trip---we arrived early at both ends of our trip. The staff was friendly, efficient and oh so fun. I really appreciated the pilot coming out of the cockpit, welcoming us and explaining about the flight. He helped my racing heart calm down. Thank you!"
Fast and pleasant experiences,Always punctual and made on time. Comfortable seats and great service aboard. Very well experimented pilots that makes you feel trusted.
1st time flying w/ JetBlue,"This was my first time flying JetBlue and we loved it. Our flight to Florida was delayed 1hr but I'd rather have a safe flight. Loved the fact they have tv and you can watch cable free, free Wi-Fi, free snack and drink including Dunkin donuts coffee . Great flight crew, we"
Great,enjoyed my Flight to Jamaica.was great and on time. I will choose JetBlue again on my next Travel. I enjoyed my flight.
Great flight. Great service.,"We love JetBlue and fly them whenever we can. We took a flight from Long Beach to Austin. Both airports are great to fly in and out of. And whenever I fly JetBlue always feel like we are getting a lot more service, comfort and value for our money."
"Jet Blue ,great","fantastic flight. clean plane, comfy seats, really nice crew. on time . a pleasurable trip. will definitely fly with them again"
My favorite airline!,"I do like this airline a lot. They are usually on time, treat their passengers fairly and with respect."
Never get the last flight of day—-always late,The last flight of the day is always late leaving—this past time upon arriving in Boston at around midnight waited on runway about 25 minutes for a gate to open. For the third flight in a row my TV did not work. Told I would receive something in my Travel Bank but never have—
"On time and courteous attendants ","I prefer JetBlue Airlines going to NY no problem on my Sept. and Dec. flights. Schedules on time and smooth ride. Employees helpful and reduce fare price are great.Thank you, Liby"
Don't pick seat 9E or similar on certain Jet Blue planes.,"I chose 9E from Jet Blues online seating chart. To their credit, the site did say it was a smaller space. They did not exaggerate! What you don't see in the chart is the jump seat for the crew directly to the right of the seat. I felt like I was in their lap. Secondly, the"
REally fine round trip service,"On - time performance in both. directions.. The attendants on the ground and in - flight personnel were friendly, courteous and extremely helpful."
Great JetBlue flight,"First time flying with JetBlue and loved it. Excellent legroom, comfortable seat, snack and beverage (full can)."
Best airlines,"We flew from Tampa on a early morning flight to Boston. We fllew non-stop which was important for us. No chance for missing luggage. JeyBlue has the most leg room, so comfortable. They just raised their luggage rate to $30. For first checked bag. Pretty standard price. On time"
THANKSGIVING,"Everything went smooth and there were no issue's at all. flight was excellent. we travel this flight 903,904 all the time that we go north."
Dope,"JetBlue never fails to deliver, and service has always been top notch and flights were on time. My only gripe was that on my return flight, which happened to be around the same time with a world cup match. There was no signal on the plane, so I couldn't watch any games. Stood"
Maximize Vacation time for Weekend fund in Santiago Dominican Republic,"Maximize vacation time by leaving Thursday 11pm flight from JFK to STI on JetBlue, always on time and usually arrives earlier than advertised. This flight Arrives Friday 3am when the party is popping in Santiago, go out clubbing or to a nice lounge. Friendly cab service readily"
Best Airline,"Hands down, best airline. Professional yet friendly staff. I've never had an issue with arrival or departure times. Once there was a health issue with the pilot & we had to wait for another pilot to come from another airport. My True blue account was given a credit. Don't know"
Simply perfect,"I give Jetblue a perfect score. Seats with more legspace and the flight crew just perfect. Everything from them is just nice and confy. And im 6'4"" and chubby can u imagine?"
ON TIME AND FREE TV!,Both flights got to the destination early. I love the free tv screens in front of you in each seat. Service was very good.
First Leg of trip to Dubai,Plane seats were roomy and free soda and snack at no cost. Flight was ontime and service was great. Would use again.
Good flight across the country,Good efficient flight that was as comfortable as one can expect for the long haul of 6.5hrs flight. Clean cabin and friendly service.
"Orlando-LaGuardia and Back, JetBlue Great Experience","This is a review based on my fiancé and I flying with JetBlue for the first time. Overall, the experience was great. Staff were friendly, plane was spacious, and we had the coolest TV's on the back of the seats. On this tv, we could watch where the plane was flying over. While"
Adequate economy seats,"JetBlue airlines provided us with an above average experience for coach seats. The flight attendants were friendly and very attentive to my senior citizen mother who is in a wheelchair. Most importantly, they had we direct flight between the airports we needed. The seats were a"
Best Domestic flights,"Even in Economic class, attendants are always walking the aisle to provide free drinks and premium snacks! It almost feel as if you're flying a few years back!"
I always love flying JetBlue,"I'm a big fan of JetBlue. We had extra room seats so were able to board right away, which was nice. The options in-flight were good for entertainment and snacks. I also have a JetBlue Credit card so everything purchased in-flight is 50% off! We did have a delay on our flight"
Mr,"Great flight easy in and out! Rsw airport is an easy way to get it in, pickup your luggage and get out- much better then ft Lauderdale or Miami- night and day It a pleasure to fly into an easy accessible airport and leave in a reasonable period of time"
No longer the airline it used to be...,"This particular aircraft has seen better days that is for sure and the airline overall isn't far behind! My headphone jack was broken, two of our overhead lights were broken and all 3 trays were broken. The crew was not overly friendly, the increase in baggage fees and the"
JetBlue Again,It was an excellent flight for an early flight on a Saturday morning. We did have to connect to a smaller aircraft in Fort Lauderdale . There was no connecting information on the ticket and we didn't realize we had to walk 2 terminals away. I think that could have been explained
Was unable to make connections on both the trip out and the trip back all booked on JetBlue,Missed connections and was put up in a hotel on the way to and from my destination. The customer service people were very kind but I lost 2 whole days of my trip sitting in a hotel in Boston and then in San Juan.
Stingy tight crowded,"Jetblue squeezes every passengers for every penny and gives as little as it can. Their headphones to watch movies are free,but you have to pay to activate them. You get two bags for free but you have to pay to check one. i"
"Broken entertainment system, AGAIN!!!","To my knowledge Jet Blue is the only carrier to offer direct, non-stop service between these two cities. We fly with a small dog, so changing planes is difficult. I have two things to say here: 1. We pay for “even more room” seats and still we feel crammed into these"
Most enjoyable flight ever!,"When we were checking in, the ticket agent was VERY helpful and courteous with all of us but she went out of her way to be extra helpful to one of our group who is over 80 and was slightly flustered because of the way we had purchased her ticket. The agent assured her that"
Excellent service,Flying to a cruise ship while dealing with hip problem. Called to ask JetBlue for assistance and the customer service rep arranged wheel chair assistance for both flights and airports and changed seat sizes I could have more leg room. JetBlue is awesome.
Great Service all the way,"Great service from beginning to end! Ground and air staff very courteous and professional. Even for a little taller than average person like myself, the seat space is great. Also the entertainment is always very good."
The perfect airline experience for children,I flew with my 8 year old son from Boston to Orlando. Having a non-stop flight was a great idea and they have the televisions for each seat. When he got bored of the books and activities that we brought he could watch something on tv or listen to music. The crew was very
"JetBlue, YAHOO!","Flying is always a hassle!!!! Gotta get there hours early, gotta go thru ""shoes off, coat off, toiletries in a Ziplock bag""....then wait. JetBlue is no different there....those are Government rules. But who would expect the smiles, and friendliness you get BEFORE you head to"
The obnoxious damaged luggage policy of jet blue,The flight in and of itself was uneventful but on my return trip home to jfk new york the airline damaged my suitcase. I promptly went to the office:to make a claim and the agent had the audacity to tell me it is jet blue s policy not to repair luggage handles. I cannot begin
On time - pleasant flight attendants,Easy check-in at Jacksonville Poor at Boston baggage pick-up - delays - belt had frequent stops/starts Attendants on board were friendly Seat had quick access t0 bathroom - Bathroom clean
First time on Jet Blue,Flew this airline because it was a nonstop service to where we were going. Had no problem with the airlines. I was nervous because i hadn't flown Jet Blue before and I had heard good things but this was my first experience. I would fly them again if they had non-stop service
Buffalo flight,July flight was exceptional! Nightly recommend JetBlue anytime! Great service and flight crew very professional
Suprisingly great,It was our first experience with this airline. We were very apprehensive since we always fly Alaska Air and are comfortable with it. To our surprise the check in agents were super friendly welcoming and helpful. Then at the gate the boarding g process was very organized and
Brilliant Flight,"Really good flight experience. Flight attendants were quick and efficient with service. Flight crew gave an excellent flight & kept us updated on some changing weather in case we hit turbulence. Also, JetBlue ground staff in Bermuda were brilliant with their service. I flew on"
alternative to LAX,Flights from LAX were more money. I was able to find a direct flight to New York from Burbank Airport. A very easy Airport to navigate. Very close to down town L.A. The only thing is that they don't have a lot of amenities there. Hardly any shopping or food options.
To many gate changes,"We had the gate number changed on us 4 times and the terminal 1time. They had us running back and forth for a couple of hours. When we finally got to the right gate we talked to someone that was working the flight and they weren't ever sure if it was the right gate or not. "
Remains my #1,"This airline always provides great service. Love the in-flight entertainment, snacks, and the service is great. I cannot remember any bad experiences with this airline."
Fast and smooth boarding and flight. Landed early,We were boarded quickly and had a fast and comfortable flight and landed early. The in-flight tv has a large selection including the NFL network.
JetBlue comes through.,we have recently begun to fly JetBlue based on the recommendation of my son and daughter-in-law. the direct flight from Cancun Mexico to Boston was the best experience in an airport I can remember. we were advised to come to the airport 3 hours early as immigration and security
Go JetBlue,"Round trip flight was great. Fly out of Providence (PVD) if you can. Saves you time and is so convenient. And when you fly out of Orlando, pay the $15 for Even More Speed. You go through TSA Precheck instead of the other security line. It saved us at least an hour of"
Excellent flight from start to finish,Our flight was round trip and both trips were great. We had plenty of leg room and our seats reclined slightly for comfort. Our stewardess were “dressed for work” and made you feel welcome. Snacks were good and plenty of them. Definitely will use again.
I,"It is an excellent service, check in us súper bueno always on time, crew is neat and helpful, my flight was at 6 am, at that time nothing is open to have a decent breakfast, the airline should offer something better than a bag of chips, consireing that we have to be at the"
awesome airline,"very good airline great seats with TV screens in the seat ahead of you, in flight food and drinks were good and the flight crew was great"
Flying High with Jetblue,From the moment the representative handled my reservation the experience with JetBlue was positive and professional. The agent at the gate was helpful and friendly. The crew on the flight were fun and professional. JetBlue does a fantastic job to ensure passengers are safe and
Favorite airline,JetBlue is by far my favorite airline to travel with. They are always on time! I normally pay for a regular set and then upgrade at check-in to the even more leg room seats. I love the fact that I can download my boarding pass on my phone.
Love JetBlue,"My first time on JetBlue. Seats comfortable, more legroom that most airlines. Easy process! People very nice! Will definitely fly them again!"
Great coast-to-coast option out of Boston,"Out and back to the corporate office in Redlands. Flight crew was awesome, as usual. Face it, flying is a less than optimal way to spend time, but JetBlue is the best for my money, I fly JetBlue for work maybe 12 times a year, and vacation to and from Raleigh 5 times a year. "
consistant quality and service,Jet Blue consistently provides quality service. The flight staff provide excellent customer service.
Great flights,We have a jet blue card and always try to use it. We travel quite a bit and Jet Blue is our favorite airlines.
JetBlue review,"Pleasant, friendly, passionate, caring, clean, on time, just a great experience! The flight crew was engaging, just a great deal of fun. And the girl doing the announcements, I never heard anyone who made it interesting to listen to and she did! A wow experience."
surprisingly good experience,"Having never flown JetBlue but having read or heard of difficulties experienced by passengers in various locations, I was a bit wary, but compelled to use the service by my employer (cheapest available fare). The flight was on time and uncomplicated, and I would certainly"
excellent non stop flight,excellent flight left on time. free movies {new releases} and snacks would definately use again. Crew was friendly
"Excellent pilots, the best.","I always travel using JetBlue. The Pilots are excellent, you don't feel the flight, even when they tell you is a bumpy ride, it will go smooth. The flight attendance depends of the flight. From Aguadilla to Orlando, they kept talking and bla, bla, between them and did not care"
From sunny beach to winter city,Leaving Fort Lauderdale never easy - special when the sun - beach - temperature together are comfortable.
Excellent Flight experience. I fly Jet Blue at least four times each year.,Jet Blue offers direct flight and the the best service from JFK to Montego Bay. The cabins are clean with adequate leg room . Extra leg room when one wants to purchase same. Apologies and compensation when there is any problem with the entertainment. If only it would go to
Not bad!,"Definitely felt like we were flying on an Air bus! Eeeeeeeek! The air was thick and for the first time in a long time I felt a little sick with clogged ears. HOWEVER, the snacks were GREAT (coffee not so good), FREE wifi, free direct tv, upgrading my seat was easy and"
Confirtable airline,I took a 5 hour flight with my son & it was the first time we flew Jetblue and i must say the flight was fairly comfortable & leg room was ok. We were allocated the last seat as we did not pre-select our seats. All was good except for that very small blanket you have to pay $5
Great service,Nonstop flight in nice plane. Free snacks unlike most airlines. Free wi-fi on flight. Efficient boarding and friendly staff.
SEA to BOS & JFK to SEA .... marvelous,"MINT is magnificent! This open jaw RT was our first experience with JetBlue. It was superb. Eastbound, my wife & I were seated next to each other and the MINT flat bed seats were very comfortable. Westbound we opted for the greater space in the seats (across the aisle from"
Surprisingly good experience with this budget airline,"This is my first time flew Jet Blue. I was pleasantly surprized. For economy class seats, compared to all the major airlines in the US and Canada, as well as some budget airlines, Jet Blue flights charge either comparably or less, but has significantly more leg room, allow one"
They still do not charge you for everything.,"Jet Blue has more leg room. tv on the back of your seats, lots of free snacks. The rest of the story---it's an airline--These days,, what is an airplane but a flying Grayhound bus"
"Consistently on time, professional and comfortable","We go to our favorite resort in Cancun every year, and while we live in St. Augustine, we always go the night before, stay near the airport and take the non-stop 2 hour flight from Orlando to Cancun. If we left from Jacksonville, FL airport - no JetBlue and we'd have to change"
Great Trip to Punta Cana,"We had the 6am flight and boarding was at 520am, plane landed 15 minutes early. Crew was very nice. once you arrive at PUJ, you will get on a bus that will take you to emigration, Have your Passport and fill out the Dominican Republic Form they give you on the plane, you will"
Bang for your buck,I travel a lot for work and I always prefer JetBlue. I love having TV behind each seat and I love the free WiFi they offer!
Punta Cana Vacation,The flight was awesome going there and coming back as well I have had a few delays here and there but wouldn't change this airline.
Great Time!!,"I flew Jet Blue in April of 2018 with a friend of mine from Pittsburgh, PA to Miami, FL. We had an excellent time. Our fare was reasonable rated. Our seats were together & comfortable with plenty of room. The flight was full but it didn't seem like we were squashed in there."
Retired Government Employee,"The Jet Blue Airline services are decent for the most part. During my recent trip the plane was not full and the exit row seats were open. The Flight Attendants wouldn’t allow anyone to move into the open seats, unless they paid the 85 Dollar Upgrade Fee! I found this to be"
Horrible crew at LAX,"LAX ground crew were not helpful, they treated my husband and myself very disrespectfully and seemed to take pleasure to tell me that my luggage was over the weight limit , was not thrilled with their lack of professionalism or work ethic"
Great flight..friendly flight attendants,"Great flight with friendly attendants both ways. Got free carry on, free personal bag, and free checked bag....be careful however! If your checked bag weighs more than 50 pounds they will charge you $150.00! Very pleasant experience. Will definitely fly with them again and"
Good Trip,"Everything about this trip was smooth. From the check-in counter to arrival in Mexico, it was a good trip. Flight crew was courteous, smiled, and were professional. The plane was clean and appeared rather new. Probably my favorite was that they departed and arrived exactly on"
"Good Airline, only non-stop from Westchester to Orlando","Good service, good snacks/beverages, decent price. Schedule could use some expansion since it's the only non-stop from HPN to MCO."
Pilot skills,"I flew Jetblue from Naples FL to EWR (Newark) on Monday Nov 26th, 8:30pm flight. It was raining when we approached Newark but the pilot was the absolute best.....we touched down light as a feather, you couldn’t even tell that the tires had touched the tarmac. Unbelievable! I’m"
Book somewhere else!!!!!,"Jetblue was almost 45 minutes late causing us to miss our connecting flight, also with jetblue. We got to the gate and they said too late and closed the door about 3 minutes later! I had a 2 year old and then the kicker, had to find hotel accomodations because they couldnt put"
Free in-flight movies,"First of all, the seats are very narrow. There's no getting around that. But free in-flight movies and television help make up for that, as do the snacks and drinks. My flight was nonstop and averaged about 3 hours - not bad. I prefer to not spend half a day or more in"
very organized,"We have never had a problem with Jet Blue, I just wished they flew to Minnesota from Orlando, I love the non stop to Cancun. I wish they could do non stop to Minnesota, just a comfortable airline to fly with."
Appreciated a little special treatment as a Vietnam veteran(member of Veterans Advantage).,"As a Veterans Advantage, JetBlue allows me two checked bags and this is a big savings for me. My trip involved 4 segments and the on-board service was very good. Seat space was very good. JetBlue eased the ""pain"" of international flights. Although we have to travel 3 hours to"
Great value!,"This flight left on time and arrived early. The leg room was decent, light snacks were served and the flight attendants were very pleasant. For the price it was well worth it."
Spacious Leg room.,"This is my second trip in Long Beach using Jet Blue Airline .In comparison with other Airline ,I notice that the legroom of Jet Blue were more comfortable and had more space. For short trip they offered snacks and drinks too."
Confortable and great services.,"I've being traveling with JetBlue since 2004 or so. Never had any trouble. Well, there's always been between Santiago de Los Caballeros, Dominican Republic, to New York, what makes my range of comparation narrow. Anyways, a couple of flight with another airlines wasnt that nice."
A Pleasant Alternative to UA,"Yes you can choose your seat, have overhead storage access, experience attentive service, sit in comfortable seats and travel in economy."
JetBlue Flights,"Flight rates were reasonable during a peak travel period. The plan was clean and the leg room was good. The attendants were very nice. You actually got a nice sized snack and a choice of several different snacks. Did offer a couple of movie choices, but had to watch them when"
Very Relaxing Experience!!,Traveled from Newark Airport to Orlando airport and back during the summer with JetBlue Airlines and it was an excellent experience. All JetBlue personnel are very welcoming and knowledgeable. They go through the protocol demonstration very thoroughly and professionally. The
Love Jetblue,"I have flown many airlines over the years, however, I must say out of my recent flights I would chose JetBlue over the rest. I wish they had more direct flights to locations. The self serve snacks are really over the top. I watched many people smile as they made the way to the"
Truly “Mint”,Non stop! I used to fly American out of Ft Myers. We live in Naples. So the extra hour of driving is still worth it. Overall travel time is still an hr less because of American’s Dallas layover. Plus the Mint class is much better. Full 180 recliners. Much better food as
"I love JeltBlue - even if there are problems, they always make it right",JetBlue is a wonderful airline. The attendants are friendly and helpful and I just love them - it's the only airline i use
Never had a bad experience flying them,"Always a good experience to fly them. Staff and Stewards are great to deal with. Plenty of leg room, seats are comfy, entertainment & headsets are included. Free carry-on and one checked bag (this one may be changing). Easy to book, BUT you have to watch the prices which move"
"Always, without fail, a great experience at a fair price.","Always, always have a great experience with JetBlue. I fly to Orlando several times per year....5 or 6, and I am loyal to this airline for their perks, and for their customer service. Last year my Father became suddenly ill, and I found that I couldn't leave him. JetBlue was"
Comfortable enough for 3.5hr flight,There are a few direct flight options to Trinidad via FLL. It's either jetblue or the local airline Caribbean airlines. I fly who ever is cheapest when I need to fly. However in comparing airlines I prefer Jetblue for comfort and entertainment options.
Great Experience,"I hadn't flown on JetBlue in a while & usually fly out of Hartford. But while searching for flights at a reasonable price, I came upon this non-stop flight out of Boston...Perfect as connections can be tricky. It was on time with plenty of room overhead for our carry-on bags &"
Great airline,Excellent customer service at FLL Airport. Always on time. This is not the first time I fly with Jet Blue. I highly recommend this airline.
JetBlue - Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale and Return,Good Service in Buffalo and on Flight. Problems with on line booking not recognizing 1 bag allowance when checking in on line. Good Service in Buffalo to resolve baggage issue. Poor service in Fort Lauderdale showing no concern or interest in helping.
Great Flight and crew,Love Jetblue...we lucked out and didn’t have anyone sitting with us in the extra space row so we had extra room...offered plenty of snacks and drinks. Fly Jetblue whenever we can
Amazing & Fast Service!,"I recommend this airline, like my relatives, because it is economical and it is excellent in everything from the service and speed."
Love this airline.,We travel JetBlue for domestic travel. The leg room is great. Service is very good. Non stop from Boston to Ft. Lauderdale definitely helps.
"No the service that i remember from them, but better than all the other airlines","As always with Jetblue, service about any other airline, but not as good as years past, still great crew and best terminal at JFK,"
Very Good Service,"Jetblue is the only airline I recommended to my family and friends especially flying to Florida. The entertainment screens has nice size and direct TV with plenty of channels to choose from. Free snacks offered like popcorn chips, cookies, Granola bars, pretzels and of course"
More leg room and wider seats,"JetBlue is practically the only airline that doesn't nickel and dime you as an economy class customer. I was able to bring 1 bag each without a fee, the seats were at least a few inches wider than United and a few inches more leg room. You felt like you could get out of your"
"Good leg room space, no recline seats","Don't take a flight if you have to travel more than 2 hours. Seats are not really comfortable, especially because they don't go down. Legs space instead it is very wide. Be careful when you book the flight because you will have to pay for everything, include seat and carry-on"
Enjoyable flight at the right price,"Comfortable seats and great cabin service. The fare and comfort make you fly again, Checking in was a breeze!"
Great Airline,Always great service and a second snack if you please. I wish they flew all over I would give up American in a heartbeat.
Fort Lauderdale mini Vacation!,"Nice Airline great Service , long leg while sitting free wifi always smooth flight with Jet Blue .if you do not feel like sleeping There's always something to watch free of charge . The stewardes always willing to help and provide information if asked ,"
I will alway fly JetBlue when possible,I fly a lot to Costa Rica and JetBlue is the best airline experience by far over several other airlines.
Flight on jet blue,"We flew out of Ft. Lauderdale on time which is a blessing. Got to Barbados on time with no problem. The time it took to get the luggage was a wait. As for flying home, we had an on time flight with no problem. We were served beverage and snacks on both. I love Jet Blue. I went"
Mrs Denise Smith,Flew with JetBlue for the first time out of Philadelphia to The Grand Cayman Islands and was pleasantly surprised on the attentiveness of the flight crew and the overall cleanliness of the aircraft. Departed and arrived on time. I will definitely travel with JetBlue in the
on time and roomy seats,"I frequently fly Jetblue in season because of their non stop flights. The flight attendants are friendly, and I appreciate the roomy seats."
The best airline,"I Love jetblue, every flight it's a pleasure from the check-in up to Landing at my destiny. In this flight all was excellent like ever. The attendants are very professionals and attentive, the seats and the space between is awesome also like the snacks and movies too. The"
None Better!,"We have flown many airlines and we have found Jet Blue to be absolutely the best! The staff is extremely helpful and friendly, flights have always been on time, and the planes are top notch offering more space at economy prices and including televisions with no extra cost. We"
Great experience as always,"I make every effort to fly JetBlue as it is non-stop, never oversell seats, the staff are very friendly and helpful, and they don't skimp on snacks. The seats are comfortable, so no need to upgrade. And every seat has a personal entertainment screen with free movies. If I"
Best economy experience in the US,"My first flight with Jetblue took me from Tampa to New York City. I always try to fly Jetblue after that experience. The standard amount of legroom makes a big difference in comfort for me (I'm 5'11""). Additionally, there's seatback IFE, whereas competitors make you stream"
Love the Leg room,My family took a trip and it was the first time any of us had flown this airline. I was very pleased with the service. The leg room was much better than you normally get in economy. I was also able to pick our seats without paying a upgraded price so that was a plus as we have
Best Airline with A1 Service,"I love love love JetBlue. It is my go to airline for all routes am travelling because of the level of service at airport & in plan, smooth boarding process, comfort of plane, friendliness of crew, and entertainment options."
mint flights to California,It's like flying First Class when you're on a Mint flight! Flight attendents are all extrememly friendly and helpful! Snacks are just right and are unlimited!
Great flight-as always,I wouldn’t fly any other airline. Flight attendants are wonderful. I have a disability and they take good care of me. Comfortable seats. Great movies and tv.
"Fair customer service, good flights","We fly to Costa Rica several times a year, JetBlue has the most convent non-stop flights out of Orlando to San Jose CR. Having a non-stop flights really makes the trip easy, and we have always been treated well on JetBlue. We usually clear customs and are in the taxi to our"
Discount airline gives a new meaning.,Legroom much better than most other domestic airlines. Online check-in was a zinch and email reminders and status updates makes a difference. Also had one of the smoothest 3-point landing at MCO.
Mint from JFK to SFO,"American and United both fly proper business class from NYC to SFO and LAX, however both airlines offer subpar business class product in comparison to JetBlue. Mint is the name of JetBlue business class. There are 18 flat bed seats in business class, configuration is quite"
On time and easy,"Jet Blue is top notch for the price. I always choose non stop flights, and in my experience, they have boarded on time give or take ten minutes and usually arrive early. I use Long Beach to depart from LA because it is a small easy airport and not usually congested. JetBlue"
JetBlue Flights,"On time flights, polite and nice flight attendants. More comfortable seats and more leg room than other airlines in the same price category. Safe and smooth flight."
Ouch...,"Cut my arm on sharp object inside bathroom door. First aid given was two Band Aids, a wet wipe and a napkin. Stay well on Jet Blue!!! Oh I was given a $50. Amazon gift card and $25. baggage credit..."
Major flight detail,"Flight was delayed, was delayed till the next day. My family and I had to stay in a hotel to catch our connecting flight, which was by the way Emirate Airline, which was a good flight. The waiting area for JetBlue was really dirty. My little one even said she did not feel safe"
Middle seat comfort!,"My husband and I needed a flight at short notice to attend a family funeral and were pleasantly surprised with Jet Blue for several reasons. They had good ticket prices, convenient flight times and though we both ended up in middle seats we had more leg room and comfort than"
JetBlue is reliable and comfortable,We often fly JetBlue to Salt Lake City and go out of our way to fly out of Long Beach as opposed to LAX. Great little airport and great airline.
Very Good Experence,Flying JetBlue out of Providence is very convenient. The staff was friendly. The complementary snacks and the free entertainment is a definite plus.
Staff was great. Flights were on time. Snacks drinks and carryon bags included.,Stopped in Fort Lauderdale. No complaints. We were on time. The extra legroom in economy was welcome. Unlimited snacks. Free beverages. Free carryon luggage. The staff was wonderful on both legs.
Good flights but both ran late,I flew JetBlue round-trip to Atlanta from Orlando a few weeks ago. I like JetBlue because the seats are reasonably sized (even without the extra leg room) and there are no charges for carry-on bags. They also have snacks and free soft drinks/coffee. But they often seem to
Decent Flight,"Flight was decent. Not excellent, because VERY few flights/airlines deserve that rating any longer. But, given that, service was decent, staff were courteous, and the plane and restrooms were clean."
delay with no explanations,"flight was delayed 6 hours with no place to sit other than cold floor in overly busy fort lauderdale airport, after 5 somewhat hours later they announce that we were waiting for the pilot who got stuck in east coast.??? do they not have a stand- by pilot? normaly calm and"
Recommended,"The flight was great, the attendants were funny and helpful. The seats! The seats were actually comfortable and I had more leg room in economy than I do on United premium..haven’t actually checked the “footspace room” to make that an accurate statement but it felt like I had"
Great Personnel,We have flown JetBlue for the Boston Marathon for nine years. Their service is great. Personnel are very accommodating both at the airport and on board.
In seat TV a plus. Having a JetBlue credit card means your first checked bag is always free.,"Easy boarding, good snacks and an easy upgrade to more leg room. Flights are reliable, crew is professional and flights are reliable/on time the majority of the time"
Great airline,I fly frequently and highly recommend jet blue. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The snacks are free and the direct TV is always on. I always get my texts with the free wifi as well. Morning flights are typically nearly also.
Just as Expected,I hadn't flown in several years but I knew with Jetblue my flight would be excellent. The flight was on time and the crew was very pleasant. I love the free tv! Thanks Jetblue.
Smooth,Everything went smoothly. We just became Mosaic flyers and that added to the ease of the flight. We got to board sooner than other people and got to put our carry-ons up above and be seated first. The flight attendants were organized and friendly which always helps. The flight
Last minute flight,"After spending a weekend in NYC with my daughter in December, my flights on American Airlines going home to NC, were cancelled due to a snowstorm there. They were unable to reroute me because all their flights had layovers in Charlotte which was also closed. I was able to grab"
Departure Flight from TPA to SJU was 4 hours delayed. Had to bring in a different airplane,"Other than the 4 hour delayed everything else was great. The Pilot, Flight Attendant's all tried to make the delay bearable. This was our first experience with JetBlue."
Good service,"Really like jet blue. Seats were huge. You could watch live tv via direct tv on the back of the seats. There were at least 40 channels to choose from. G6oid choice of snacks, popcorn, chips, granola bars, cookies, pretzels, cheese itz, and more and yes its free. I would"
Always enjoy flying with JetBlue,"Every flight I have with JetBlue is enjoyable. Even if there are issues, they will always keep you informed. Great service on flights."
Northeast to Southwest,I visit family in Florida on a regular basis. I wouldn’t fly any other airlines. First reason is because my brother has worked at Pratt & Whitney for over 35 years. This company produces the engines that are on their jets. There is more leg room and they have nonstop flights.
Comfortable Seats,"Our direct flight from Ft Lauderdale to Nashville was great! The upgrade to the front was cheap and the seats were very comfortable with plenty of legroom (I'm 6'4""). The 2 hr flight went by quickly as I was focused on the headrest TV in front of me."
Handicapped help,Great service for handicapped help in Cleveland and Fort Lauderdale. Have traveled with Jet blue before and have always had a good experience.
Amazing airline,"Once again, Jet Blue does not disappoint! We traveled to upstate NY for a bit of Christmas joy from our home in Palm Beach/Jupiter. We always try to avoid the chaos of flying into NYC city airports, so go to Westchester Airport instead. It is a small regional airport with a"
Reasonable and Consistent,Always consistently on time. Staff accommodating and friendly. Fares are always reasonable particularly if you book early. TV service is great and makes the time go by very quickly (time flies !!).
"JetBlue from Long Beach, only way to go",No food service but lots of drinks and all the snacks you want.Great to be able to leave from Long Beach airport.
"Lack of ""paperwork “ Jetblue isn’t what it used to be!","Was scheduled for a flight leaving Boston to West Palm Beach on a 8:59 pm flight. Before I even got to the airport was notified the plane wasn’t leaving until 11:01pm DELAYED. That wasn’t the worst, after being manipulated by this airline that oh, now we’re leaving earlier wait,"
"Took a flight to board a cruise ",Good experience! Before the lights dimmed they went Blue! Pretty neat! Comfortable seats! They have videos you can watch but they aren’t free and you will have to purchase headphones for $2. It was only 1 and a half hour flight so just slept and enjoyed looking at the clouds for
Fantastic Airline,"I love flying on Jetblue. The planes are usually clean, the Staff are friendly and professional and the snacks are free. We flew out of Long Beach Airport in California to Salt Lake City UT. It was a quick flight and all went well. We have flown there several times and"
Jetblue Crew,"I prefer to fly Jetblue because the planes are clean, the staff is very fast and efficient and they don’t have as many surcharges as other airlines."
3 Week Road Trip Out West,JetBlue is amazing!!! While I was on a 3 week vacation road tripping out west I was able to get a round trip airfare of $120 from Colorado to Vegas!! And JB was awesome!!!
WHY DO AWAY WITH A GOOD THING?,"This was a convienent, non stop flight from jfk to dab.. It is scheduled to end on Jan-07, 2019.. Now passengers will have to contend with the crowds at Jacksonville and Orlando airports.."
"Departure was ontime, arrival on time. Served water and light snacks. What more could you want. The Flight From FLL to N","Departure was ontime, arrival on time. Served water and light snacks. What more could you want? The Flight From FLL to NAS. I in fact had a problem once and I wrote a letter. by the next day, the problem was answered by email, and I was given a credit as a goodwill gesture. I"
LOVE JET BLUE,Its all about preferences and pricing when you're dealing with flights!!! I enjoy the ease and simplicity as well and familiarity of the Jet Blue process. Whether it's a flight or a JetBlue Vacation and packaging with hotel and car rentals its very simple and the format
JetBlue,I found this airline completely nonchalant about a recent flight delay out of Syracuse to JFK to catch a connecting flight to Seattle. They did change my Syracuse seat to a closer one in front of plane but told me I should be able to make connection when in reality it was
Enjoyable service,"Customer service right from the start, a Jet Blue employee helped us get our tags for our bags and get them onto the conveyor belt. Friendly service onboard. Jet Blue has become our favorite airline. Extra leg room helped my 5'11"" height."
"Left on time, food was great, service was pleasant..what more can one ask?","As one who has made the Boston- west coast flight many, many times and tried all the airlines, Jetblue is my preferred carrier. The beds in business class are truly flat, the food and wine are genuinely interesting and well done, the accessory bag is useful and the cabin staff"
great flight,Nice flight. Great Attendants. Lots of snacks and drinks. Enjoyed the personal screen. Watch tv or listen to music of your choice.
Consistently.....consistent,"I fly monthly and I have been using JetBlue almost exclusively the last 18 months or so. I'm 6'4"", so I generally upgrade to the extra leg room seats, but JetBlue has the most legroom in standard seats of all the major airlines I have flown. If your primary concern is punctual"
Always Jet BLUE,"We having been flying JB for years and they never been disappointed, from service to follow thru. We always will try to fly JB over other carriers because of service and convenience. Go JB!!"
Round trip to Boston,We take Jetblue on a fairly regular basis to Boston since we have children and grandchildren in the area. Jetblue has direct flights which is a big advantage. The airline staff at the airport is always friendly and helpful. The flights are mostly on time and crews professional.
Consistently good experience,"I have taken Jet Blue across the country regularly both into Boston and JFK from Seatac. They have consistently good service in flight, on the phone, and on the ground. I keep using them because of these positive results. I routinely upgrade my seats for the longer flights."
Spacious cabins - Far less cramped than other airlines,"My first time flying with JetBlue, and I couldn't help but notice how much more comfortable the seats were than other airlines and that they didn't cram the rows together leaving you with your knees touching the back of the seat in front of you. Staff was friendly and helpful"
Efficient,Delivered! Prices OK. On time. Not uncomfortable. Did not use on-board services so I can not comment on that. Had complimentary drinks and snack that was fine. Have entertainment that I did not use. Only drawback is that on the way back again (EWR) we had to wait an hour for
Took it to Philly,This is a great airline. Very comfortable. Good service. On time leaving and arriving. And we used Visa points and flew for free !!!
I’m committed to jetblue,This is one of the best airlines to fly I’m tall so unless I’m in business or exit row I am not comfortable Except JETBLUE economy has the widest and best space for travel
Roomy Seats,JetBlue was a great choice for us to fly to NJ to visit Family. The seats had plenty of room and the flight attened’s were Great also. Free soda and chips or cookies. TV on back of seat which is free!! Would fly with them in the future. Wish they would fly to west coast from
The flights keep getting fuller and seats smaller....,"I generally like Jetblue but it appears that even the ""more room"" seats are getting smaller to cram in more people and the flights are always jammed full. The other thing I have noticed is in refurbishing the old metal air vents that could be turned off or if desired they"
I LOVE JETBLUE,"I take a midmorning flight to JFK several times a year to visit my daughter in Manhattan. I usually take a mid-afternoon flight back to Charleston. I have more than enough room, and can also take one carry- on bag and a decent -sized underseat bag at no extra charge. Always"
JetBlue Airline,"I moved to Florida ten years ago. Since that time I have flown back and forth to NY. I have always had good experiences on this airline. Flight attendants are always very accommodating and pleasant. I have often found pilots who offer good explanations if there is turbulence, or"
They’re the best,"Friendly employees, unlimited free snacks, free tv and movies, free WiFi, and comfy seats. Excellent."
Nonstop on time,"Jetblue is the only airline to fly on now. I find their prices to be fair, they seem to fly out on schedule and the TV is nice. Internet is spotty over the islands, but staff is always friendly."
First time JetBlue,"This was my first time flying JetBlue but it won’t be my last! Everything was great from booking a flight at a great price, easy check and fast boarding, lots of legroom, and great flight attendants!"
Jet Blue great service,"We love flying Jet Blue Airlines. The check in staff are friendly and helpful. Flights are on time. Flight attendants are cheerful. The complimentary snacks and drinks are plentiful. Plus Jet Blue milesets. Yes, Jet Blue is really good."
We love JetBlue,"It's a bus trip to Boston to fly JetBlue rather than flying Southwest from our local airport, but it's worth the trip to us. Always a smooth operation with no snags, and the seat spacing, even in their regular seats, is more than adequate for my 6 foot 2 frame. Decent drinks"
Sitting on the runway for hours...and hours..and hours.. without water to drink,"Jetblue is cheap but one pays for it in delayed flights, lack of water after hours of sitting on the tarmak. This has happened too often with this airliine. No bargains here--beware."
Great Airline,"I love Jet Blue! They are amazing! Their economy class has a lot of leg room, free movies, free WiFi and great flight attendants. Mood lighting throughout and you can go get snacks whenever you like and not just peanuts and pretzels! I highly recommend this airline and hope they"
The Best Airline based in the United States,"JetBlue is by far the best American based airline. They are the only airline that has not re-designed their cabins to add additional seating. Their seats have far more shoulder and leg room than any other airline. Also, each seatback has TVs for everyone to watch for their"
December vacation,"Have always liked this airline, they are mostly on time & I love their service, the seats are much more comfortable than other airlines & their employees have always been very nice so far, hope they continue with the great service."
Most accommodating airline that really cares for there passengers,Can't say enough good things about Jetblue. I have always tried to only fly Jetblue when I could - a few times to Vegas from JFK I couldn't and immediately regretted it. My husband requires special assistance at the airport a lot of the time we travel as he is undergoing
OK flight,"The flight left later than schedule but the flight itself was fine - uneventful. Service was good, price was reasonable."
Great Airline with free TV & music,Our round trip flight went perfect. The flight staff & gate workers were very nice. Free carry on bags & free drinks & snacks.
It’s.nice to know what to expect,Jet Blue is consistent and the staff always pleasant. The seats are the most spacious on any airline and the equipment almost always in great shape.
Blue skies with JetBlue,"Always an amazing experience with JetBlue, I would not fly any other way. Great service, good snacks and great communication"
X-C option when I'm not flying Alaska,"With rare exception I rely upon Alaska Airlines to whisk me across the country. For me, the bar they set is high: Alaska has a relatively young fleet of aircraft, updated internal finishes, a sharp & energetic staff (on ground & in flt), & a great loyalty program. JetBlue"
More leg room and unlimited snacks,"We fly JetBlue exclusively to Orlando. It's convenient because it flies out of our local airport and we don't have to deal with the bigger NYC airports. We love JetBlue because it has some of the roomiest seats in the industry, they have unlimited snacks and a decent media"
Holiday,"Jet blue always has been very accommodating, pleasant & attentive.. Dunkin’s coffee if one likes coffee, which I do. The flight was smooth it was a beautiful day & return trip was the same. I had to change my flight & again staff very accommodating."
Best flight and customer service ever,"I am a newly ALS diagnosed patient, and I have now resorted to traveling with the use of a wheelchair in the airport. The captain and crew were very accommodating, helpful and very friendly. I was impressed at the end of the flight while waiting for my wheelchair that the"
Good Flight in Both Directions,"Our flight was about an hour late taking off due to a late inbound flight. Fortunately, this is a non-stop flight so we didn't have to worry about any connections. The return flight was right on time. Jetblue has better legroom than most and I didn't have trouble finding"
Great Airline,"I flew JetBlue in July and August it was great. I was in the Moro Space seats both ways. It was my first time traveling alone with my service dog, Zowee. The flights were on time and everyone was professional."
Best flight to southern L.A.,"We avoid LAX by flying in to Long Beach, CA. On JetBlue, you have the best price, flight is awesome: attendants are super friendly and give you all the chips & drinks you want without making you feel like you’re bumming off them. The pilots are hilarious and generally try to get"
Great as always,"Jet blue airlines is great. I only fly with them . From the reservation process , airport and in air the staff is always polite, courteous and very helpful. It appears that all the staff I have encountered really enjoy there jobs . Keep up the good work JetBlue"
Doesn’t get better than this,"From the second you open up your browser to book your flight to the second you touch down you always feel Jetblue cares, makes it simple and best of all they listen to you! The planes are clean, the help is always pleasant, the snacks are plentiful and Dunken Donuts is yummy,"
Great customer service,"Jet Blue has a little more legroom than others. They have free internet & DirecTV. The flight attendants were very professional, friendly & attentive."
Good experience,"Jet. Blue got us to our destination on time and with no complications .from booking the flight through landing at our final destination, everything went off without any problems."
Nonstop to NYC in comfort,"I fly Jet blue quite often for business from Long Beach to Oakland, I had some money in my travel wallet from previous flights and booked flights for my family to go to NYC. We returned on Alaska as I use an Alaska Airlines card for work to get miles and usually use those for"
Worry and hassle-free - can't ask for much more,"The staff was friendly, the boarding was quick and it was pretty much stress and worry-free gate to gate. I've been flying international airlines for the past few years and was afraid of flying domestic airlines again - thanks JetBlue! Proud to be a TB member!"
Direct flight,Easy check in. Great inflight service. Comfortable seating WiFi a little lacking but movie selection was ample
Jetblue - Boston to Aruba,"on time direct flight, love JetBlue but glad to see Delta Is starting a direct flight to Aruba from Boston hopefully will keep prices in check!"
The airline that does it right,"If you like flying in large leather seats with lots of legroom ,all you can eat snacks and free WiFi tv and movies at a decent price then fly jet blue.If you don’t then fly United or American where you are squeezed into your seat or the toilet"
"Great flight, amenities and service","JetBlue is my favorite airline. Love their TV's, food and service. Always on time or ahead of schedule. Great Airline!"
Business trip,"Overall had a great trip, even with bad weather and the flight was canceled. The people was kind in helping us to rescheduling our flight."
jetBlue is my favorite airline,"I have been flying jetBlue whenever possible recently. They seem to have more room than several of the other carriers I have flown. They also have complimentary wifi, movies and television shows to watch, and music. I have found the flight attendants to be very nice and ""down"
Go see Niagara Falls! ! !Red eye. Great price and you can sleep on the way!,"Never saw Niagara Falls and took a Jet Blue overnight flight. $144 for an across country flight - awesome! Rented a car, stayed on the Canada side for much cheaper rates and saw Niagara Falls!"
Best airline,I love JetBlue! Great customer service! Comfortable seats with plenty of legroom. Would fly them every time if they had more destinations out of Detroit!
My favorite airline,JetBlue provides great customer service and always manages the holiday season well. The planes are always comfortable and well kept. They also have wonderful snacks.
Jamaica Vacation,"We usually purchase ""Extra Room"" seats as we did on this trip. Easy boarding, plenty of carry on space and comfortable seats. Our return trip was on a newer plane with a larger screen tv and power ports. I carry on a travel guitar and have never had a problem stowing it."
"Love the airline,hate the bag check","I lovbe Jet blue. I love the roomy seats, the usual efficiency and humor of the flight attendants and the terminal at JFK. but since they got rid of the curb side check in at all airports, i am a screaming fool in the airport now. The new check in system where you MUST get your"
Smooth Flight,Would definitely fly again with JetBlue and highly recommend. Flight was on time and stewards were nice and friendly.
YOU LOSE IF YOU FLY JETBLUE,"Our early morning flight was cancelled because JetBlue could not get a crew to our location. Other flights went out that same day, including JetBlue flights. I spent hours on the phone on hold with JetBlue trying to get another flight to our destination. They did not get us"
Fast and friendly,"From arriving in Boston to the gate and then arriving in Buffalo, everything was perfect. The staff is friendly, the planes are clean and comfortable, the times are spot on. Love flying the friendly skies with JetBlue for people and pets."
Always comfortable seats,jetBlue is convenient and moderately priced even if I have to book a flight at the last minute. Flying into DCA is also a perk as it puts me close to downtown for my business travels.
1 Hour 20 minutes at the counter just checking in!,"Arrived early so i could have breakfast. Stuck at the counter waiting for my ticket. JetBlue staff need to learn about the immigration laws of the countries they send people to. I have lived in Costa Rica 15 years, i am not a tourist. I showed them my documentation which they"
Jet blue,Very pleased with Jet Blue airlines. They are always on time and very comfortable. We always upgrade to the front seats for the extra space. Even with the upgrade the price is still very low. Very clean.
Family trip,"The service and all was great, being that I was traveling with a 6 month old. The o my thing that could have been taken care of at the moment was a complimentary meal. We had a delay of 2 hours due to a overflow of fuel. I would have rather received a free meal at the moment"
Nickle and Dime,While the plans are clean and the seats are comfortable this airline finds a way to charge for everything. I needed to change passenger names on a fare that I had purchased and their process required that I cancel the ticket and then rebook it at that day's rate. They charged
Jet Blue is the brdt,"Jet Blue is my airline of choice for business and personal travel. The other airlines don’t come close. The staff on the ground and on the flights are top notch; courteous, professional and considerate. The planes are cleaner than other carriers. And the departures and"
On time friendly flight,All the flights were on time. The canin crews are friendly. The snacks are enjoyable. The check in process is smooth. I have Jetblue credit card too that allows me to have a checked bag free which is useful for long trips.
unexpected pleasure,Great flight to Ft. Lauderdale from Providence. The seats are very wide and the legroom very ample. The inflight entertainment was really very good. There were lots of movies and tv shows.
Pleasant flight,"Always enjoy flying Jet Blue. There is plenty of leg room for even my 6'5"" son! Non stop flight, decent snacks, pleasant crew. Movies on board that are free."
Stranded in Boston Logan with nbo help from JetBlue,"Stranded in Boston Logan after JetBlue canceled a non stop flight to PIT supposedly due to weather. However, other flights were available on other carriers flying a one-stop route. JetBlue offered no assistance with rerouting, overnight accommodations, meals. They would not"
JetBlue has fantastic customer service!,Every steward/stewardess checked on me during the flight and called me by name despite sitting in economy (I have Mosaic status). I have had status on other airlines and never treated this well when I wasn't flying business class. This is a top notch firm.
Pleasant flight,"Stewards very nice pleasant and efficient. Flight smooth and un event full, Pilot even spoke on speaker which was a nice touch. Do not like flying but this was a good flight."
Jet Blue,It has been a long time since I have had the opportunity to fly Jet Blue owing to the lack of matchups between the airlines scheduling and my regular personal and professional itineraries. I was pleasantly reminded of Jet Blue's demonstrated commitment to excellent service and
Love JetBlue,our outbound flight was a little disappointing because they couldn't get the in-flight entertainment system to reboot... and we were on a 5+ hour flight from NY to LA. Return flight was great!
Always a good flight with JetBlue,I usually fly JetBlue because they have so many non stop flights out of NYC. A few problems checking in but they were helpful and everything went fine.
Southern escape,"The flight was prompt and our seats were comfortable. Flight was full which put a strain on our flight attendants. We arrived on time and overall, our experience was positive enough to make another trip south this winter."
A good airline,"Jet Blue is a good buy. Most of their flights are all economy, but service is good, and you can pay to get extra space and priority in boarding. The days of real first class travel are essentially over, unless you fly airlines such as Emirates (and pay accordingly). So, Jet Blue"
JetBlue,"JetBlue has to got be one of the best airlines domestically and internationally. The majority of the time I’ve flew with them, they have been on time. The stewardess are always friendly and helpful. The fact that they still serve you a drink and a snack is always nice."
Plagued with delays,Perhaps sheer chance but both going and coming from the Dominican Republic back into Ft Lauderdale were were delayed
Roundtrip comfort to Aruba and back!,"What can I say about Jet Blue, consistently one of the best, most organized flight companies about there. We were fortunate enough to fly on.one of there brand new models that just sparkled. Everything worked, was clean, loved the new comfy, spacious seats and they even had"
Jetblue Airlines,"I flew with jetblue in june, i booked a cruise leaving from miami and flying with american airlines was ridiculously expensive , so i choose to fly with JetBlue and drive over to miami for the cruise, jetblue was on time, hostesses friendly as usually, non alcoholic beverages"
No hassle,My stepdaughter has been flying JetBlue for the last 10 years now to come visit. There is never a hassle and we can always find the best deals with not worrying about extra fees.
JetBlue is top notch,"When planning flights, we always look at JetBlue first; most times we look no further. We love the idea of extra leg room and usually book those seats. Even without extra legroom, the seating is adequate. Most times our flights are on time or nearly on time. I recommend JetBlue."
Simply The Best,"I prefer JetBlue above any airlines because of the friendly staff at the airport and when you call. The fact that all employees are from the USA is a huge plus also. When I speak, I only have to say things once and I get the help 8 need with one phone call. Somehow this"
Very Smooth,This was a very smooth flight with no delays. The only issue was I could not get my boarding pass online and had to wait until I got to the airport. It was strange because my wife was able to get hers online.
Great Flight - Poor Luggage Treatment,"Absolutely nothing wrong with the flight. Super Smooth. However, when we received our luggage 3 of 3 bags had some type of damage. Two soft fabric bags were torn, hard bag was dented."
Birthday,I was flying to Miami for my birthday cruise but it was cheaper to Fort Lauderdale! They were AWESOME! Gave me free alcohol treated me VERY special
"Leg room plus, great service","JetBlue has the best leg room of any airline I have flown. The cabin service for a low cost airline is nothing short of great. planes are clean and new, having flown on the Airbus A321 a very good aircraft, arriving on time at grantly Adams. Certainly recommend JetBlue"
NON STOP AUS to LGB,"JetBlue dominates this cool 1930""s LGB airport and you walk down steps or a ramp from both ends of the plane just like to golden age of flying. Thank you JetBlue for capturing this location to California."
On time and efficient,It was a nonstop. Plane was new or nearly new. TSA was a breeze. On time. Services were great. Plenty of space. Excellent price. Have flown before and will again.
Very good,Smooth everything went well treated well. There is really nothing else to say I have signed the number of times and had no problems with this flight was an exceptional no it was just very good
"Leg room abundant for 6'3""","Affordable, nice staff, plenty of room for my legs with room to spare. NO delays, very smooth flight each way."
Easier and friendlier than other airlines,"We fly from Washington, D.C. to Boston often throughout the year to visit family, and we are always glad when we choose JetBlue. The staff is professional and usually very friendly, the service is consistent, the airplanes are clean and what is expected these days from economy,"
Delayed flight,I woke up to a delay notification for my flight. The flight was being delayed by two hours almost twelve hours in advance. It turns out the flight was actually delayed by almost three hours! No weather issues and passengers were not told what was the reason for the delay.
Best airline if flying with kids!,JetBlue is the best airline if you’re flying with kids. The direct flights are fantastic! They offer snacks & drinks & have great inflight entertainment options. We wouldn’t fly any other airline!
Flight to Savannah GA,Flew JetBlue from Long Beach to Savannah. It was a redeye flight. Two hour layover at JFK in New York City. Play it was very pleasurable. I Purchased the more extra room option in my seats were just fine. Highly recommend JetBlue.
Vacation,Jetblue airlines was on time with no delays service was ok flight was smooth. Will use jet blue again.
Easy Breezy,"Used Jetblue to fly to complete a course in Atlanta.. I love Jetblue - the service agents at the the check-in desk are accommodating, helpful and professional. They take the stress out of traveling. Jetblue or nothing, baby! The stewards on both legs in the plane made the"
Watching the World Cup libe in the skies,Somehow managed to book a flight while England were paying Sweden in the World Cup and was delighted to discover JetBlue had live satellite TV. My son watched some F1 and I watched cycling while we waited for the big kick off. The crew at BOS and onboard were super friendly and
Vacation,Excellent flight on time and direct. Inflight WiFi is a great feature. As a Mosaic client I was disappointed that I could not seat w it’s my 2 companions even though there were open seats.
Better then expected!,This was my first time flying with JetBlue and I was very pleased with their services. Seats are comfortable and they actually have live tv on the plan. I watched all of Sunday football games and ate snakcs. I recommend the cookies when you fly with them lol
Best prices when available,Taken JetBlue Everytime I travel to fort Lauderdale good prices good service if price is right ill keep using this airline
Great airline,"JetBlue is one of my preferred domestic carriers. They have ample legroom, nice wide seats. Entertainment screens and they offer drinks and snacks. Every time I've flown JetBlue they are always on time. The round trip to Cancun was really good."
The JetBlue experience,Flight was delayed. Flight attendance where very unpleasant Over head cabins where all filled. Boarding process was very unorganized
Truly was JetBlue,"Took this same flight last year on American then this year on JetBlue. Have to say that the JetBlue price was lower but so was the experience. Junkier planes, but I got there and back, despite nearly freezing over the Gulf. The one up was that Fort Lauderdale is smaller than"
GOOD SPACE FOR LONG FLIGHT AT LEAST COST,"I was flying from NYC to San Francisco and wanted to get more space than usual for the 6-hour flight but did not want to spend the money for first class tickets (or what JetBlue refers to as ""Mint."") I did this by buying an Economy ticket, paying about $100 extra, and picking"
Everything went so smoothly,"Took jet blue out of Long beach for a business trip to Austin, everything went smoothly, air port was easy to park and get in and out of, security went smooth..boarding was easy and really enjoyed the attendant's service and the healthy snacks, seats were comfortable and I .met"
Avoid the Logan Crush by Flying JFK > ORH,"JetBlue inaugurated service between these two cities earlier this year. If you live in Central Massachusetts and are looking for a flight to NYC, you may consider this alternative. The good: short flight - actual time in the air 35 mins. ORH is very easy to get in and out of."
Great Customer Service,"Customer service at Jetblue is great and so are the planes, you get a premium feel vs other airlines but usually a premium price to go with it."
Love jetBlue--wish they flew more places out of Long Beach (our favorite airport,"Great flight both ways. Comfortable seats, decent entertainment, prompt boarding wiwth great service."
FLYING!,"We have been loyal Jetblue customers since there inception. The flight crews are second to none. No matter what, there is always a smile and cheerful salutation upon embarkation and disembarkation. This year we have noticed a slight uptick in maintenance issues which have"
Perfect,"I really like Jet Blue. Even when things beyond their control, ( think blizzard) they go above and beyond to make things as good as possible. Prompt, friendly, they don’t nickel and dime you or up sell. Easy to work with."
Go Deals,Reasonable rates best economy leg room. Need to continue flights to Alaska. Need more long distance non stop flights.
Best Airline,"Jetblue is my airline of choice. I have yet to have a bad experience with them. Even when the TV's are working or there's a delay, the customer service is always professional . There is a variety of TV shows or movies to watch and free snacks."
"Always on time, very friendly flight crew.",I have flown United and JetBlue to San Juan PR and I have to say I prefer JetBlue. The terminals are not as crowded as United and all my flight have been problem free. I fly every couple of months to San Juan and to date I am very pleased.
They just get it!,JetBlue does it right. Considering all the perils and flaws of air travel I must say that JetBlue tries their very best to smooth out the wrinkles. We are very happy with their service whether we fly Mint or not.
Great Customer Service,Best customer service in a long time. From start to finnish. Seats much more comfortable than other airline servicing tis route nonm stop.
JetBlue is amazing,"I would definitely recommend JetBlue, I've tried other airlines and I always prefer JetBlue. None of my flights have ever been delayed and we either arrive at my destination on time or earlier. The economy seats are comfortable and I have plenty of leg room and I'm tall. The"
JetBlue Rocks In/Out of Palm Springs (and elsewhere),"I LOVE JetBlue. I am an economy class flyer who lives a short drive away from Palm Springs International Airport. I never want to go to LAX. In addition, although I can walk, fatigue and strength are problems, so I usually order wheelchair service. JetBlue could not be more"
Fast and easy! All-around fantastic experience.,"This was my first time flying JetBlue, and I was very happy with my experience! Booking my flight was super simple, and the flight itself was great. Their app is definitely a huge plus- it made checking in easy and efficient. You can also pull up your boarding pass, check your"
Best Flights around,They have the lowest cost for flights all the time. Great service and are always on time if not early! Have been flying them every couple of weeks for the past 6 months and prefer them over anyone!
"Jet Blue - Our ""Go To"" Airline","We've flown various airlines over the years, and yet for domestic travel, there's no other like Jet Blue. Simply the best!! Easy booking, check-in, and cutomer service. Flights are great - very roomy seats, well maintained, and have always had professional, quick to assist"
Top airlines,I have traveled all domestic airlines except JetBlue. I got a deal to fly JetBlue to Jamaica and let me just say if I have a choice I won’t fly any other airline again. Sine then I have flown JetBlue from ft. Lauderdale to Nassau and it wasn’t a fluke. JetBlue has bigger seats
JetBlue - A great Airline!!,"We have nothing but good things to say about JetBlue. This airline has more legroom and better service than any of the ""Big 3"" airlines. We live in Atlanta, so we usually have only one choice of Airline, Delta. Being a longtime Delta flyer, I was pleasantly surprised by"
Jet Bue Rules,Jet Blue always has enough space . . . always comfortable - and staff is always helpful and kind... highly recommended as your go to airline!!
JetBlue coast to coast,"Flying JetBlue has everything you could possibly want in a coast to coast flight. Friendly service from start to finish. Several seating options,TSA pre-screening,comfortably seats,tv’s at every seat,WiFi and good snacks. I also think you get a good deal when you use JetBlue"
Worth every penny!,Everyone was very friendly! Very good snacks and free in air WiFi. Checked our stroller at the gate and made our son enjoy his first time on a plane.
Great Flight,Flight was delayed due to weather in Worcester. Not an issue we were deferred to Boston. Then bussed to Worcester and arrived at a reasonable time.
Flight,On time going delayed on return but made up time during flight and great crew.Other airlines could learn a valuable lesson from them.
Wow! Amazing customer service!,"We were forced to land in DC on our flight from Austin to NYC due to bad weather in NYC. JetBlue covered our hotel stay overnight, gave us vouchers for meals and communicated efficiently and promptly - what could have been a complete nightmare was instead just an annoying"
Consistent Customer Service,I have flown JetBlue on a number of occasions and every aspect from checking in to arrival has been consistently much better experience than most other airlines>
Best choice for the money spent,Best Value for the money. Convenient time tables and destinations. It's a pleasant change from some of the other airlines I've traveled with over the course of my travels.
business and pleasure trip,JetBlue always offers the best flight for price. We had an incredible crew that were both friendly and professional
Confusing regulations for modifying flights,"I wanted to fly back earlier but since I purchased our tickets through Expedia, airline would not allow it. More importantly, reps did not have a clear idea so I spent inordinate amount of time trying to accomplish this."
Amazing,Great experience! Good prices and amenities. Variety of snacks avaliable and drinks. Complementary soft drinks and snaks.
Great Consistent Airline,"I always travel with JetBlue when possible. The airline is reliable, clean planes, and has a great points program."
Best airline,Have enjoyed flying with JetBlue for the last 10 years. Excellent flight crews. My favorite airline be to my home away from home.
Mrs,"Perfect timely airline. I use it to BYC, Providence etc. no frills but fine. I flew to San Diego in October on a terriable old ancient Jet Blue frommFt Lauderdale and the seats were broken and tv broken and everything was sooooooo old. Cane home First Class onnUnited to PBI"
My regular route,"I travel pretty often between NY and San Juan. JetBlue in flight service is very efficient and the staff is helpful. The flight direct flight options are very good. They do have some very early and very late flights. Some people don't like that, but sometimes they work out very"
Great direct flight BOS - SJC,"Very comfortable flight. Nice snacks on-board. Staff were great. Super short route to San Jose from Boston. Thought we would have a screaming infant, but after liftoff he was quiet. The stewardess took a turn feeding him applesauce. Uneventful. Great legroom in an extra space"
JetBlue Is Hard to Beat,"I fly every other week on average, mostly domestic, occasionally international. I try to fly JetBlue whenever I can, but sometimes I am ""forced"" to choose another airline. It always reaffirms what I already know - that JetBlue is best in class. If I had to pick one thing that"
JetBlue at Long Beach Airport,The flight is clean and on time. The flight attendances were so friendly and nice. The seats are spacier than other international flight and you can reserve your seat if you do it early.
"Worcester Airport (ORH) is so Much Improved, Thanks to Jet Blue","1st time flying out of Worcester airport in over 10 years and it's so much better than before. Access thru the Worcester city streets is still sub-optimal, but parking ($7/day) and check in are so easy. The terminal is updated (there's even a small bar and restaurant) and it's"
Seat Discomfort,"Seat itself leaves much to be desired. Not only is the seat too firm with inadequate cushioning, the seat angle is very uncomfortable for any flight longer than an hour. Like in most cars today, seats are slightly sloped towards the seat-back, allowing your knees to be"
Worst trips ever,"I travelled with JetBlue in August this year for my mum's 81st birthday. From the onset it was just horrible. I couldn't get log on section to go at the airport and when I asked for help, it was just ridiculous. The associate asked me where my luggage tags were when I was there"
My Preferred Airline,"I love JetBlue... Whenever I fly, my first option is always JetBlue. The attendants are really friendly & accommodating (when possible), the ability to watch TV & movies is always a plus , most of all, I like the fact that I can get a nonstop flight to most destinations."
Good price and great service,"JetBlue is always a homerun lots of flights to choose from, fair price, friendly personnel at airport and on plane look forward to the snacks and 3 hours of tv"
Best airline i have flown with,"Jetblue has the friendliest and helpful staff both in airport and on board the flight from other airlines we have flown, Jetblue is known for having the most legroom, and on board we experienced a very Clean and new aircraft, at the arriving airport when we got to the luggage"
Pleasant Experience,"We opted for the ""more room"" option which worked out perfectly. We were also traveling with my 93 year old mother and everyone was wonderful with her and with us."
Perfect flight,Wonderful flight ! The Jetblue team were so nice to my family and really took care of us. They seemed genuinely happy to be there with us.
Sarasota Airport,"Jet Blue into Sarasota was excellent. SRQ is easy access, not crowded and spacious. We usually fly into Tampa but found Sarasota to be more relaxing."
Very uncomfortable,"I will avoid this airline in the future. It’s very difficult to get the seats you want even for families with kids. Lousy food, lousy Wi-Fi connection on board."
JetBlue the best domestic airline I have ever flown,"Jet Blue has the best economy class seating, extra leg room, free carry on, unlimited snacks, a TV at every seat and every flight attendant that I have met has been pleasant, professional and sometimes comedic. They really make you feel special. On one flight my TV did not work,"
Left on time landed on time no hassles,"Atlanta is a big, busy airport, but it is fairly well organized. There is construction so just allow yourself time to get through security and to the gate. Boarding was right on time and the plane may have even left the gate a few minutes before the scheduled departure time. "
The best and only air line to fly,"Jet Blue is the only airline I will fly if I can help it. Their planes are very comfortable and roomy and the service is excellent. Even for overseas flights, I look to first and last fly Jet Blue, because at least I know the beginning and ending of the flight will be"
Amazing,"I travel a lot from Montreal to Chicago to visit my boyfriend, but this time we were both coming back from Chicago to Boston due to prices. First off, Jetblue's pricing in comparison to other companies is great. Their service is what is really amazing though. Pilot as well as"
Redeye from the west coast,Overnight flight can be difficult but Jetblue does its best to make them quite and comfortable. Very respectful flight attendants and on time arrivals.
Pay Attention!,"When we checked in we were not informed out seats had been changed, I travel with my husband and like to seat together but this was not the case and until someone on the same flight mentioned it our seats were changed. Also no media was available in flight and they gave us a"
Best domestic first class for the price,"I have flown Mint multiple times from JFK-LAX. All other trips I go coach with extra leg room. It is worth the price if you can grab their $599 offers one way. The seats are amazing, especially the 4 private seats in a cocoon type setting with a door. The food surprisingly is"
Awesome service!,"Not a single complaint on this guys. I've flown with them several times and all of them the services and the experience were absolutely great! Leg rooms are good, their food is rare but it's really good, and best of all is their hospitality and kindness."
JetBlue is Dependable and Comfortable,"I have flown on JetBlue through San Juan, Puerto Rico to St. Croix, USVI and back many times. The flights have been right on time and the staff have been very pleasant and accommodating, when we needed it. The seats are comfortable compared with other discount carriers that I"
Excellent service!,"Predominantly I use Southwest airlines, but this time I use JetBlue to Expedia. This was my first time on a jet blue airliner. The flight was on time the economy class was excellent, there are TV sets on each seat, the seats are leather and they do sit back a bit. The airline"
My go to airline,I am sharing this review as I have used many airlines within my travels and I must say JetBlue is always my go to airline. Upgrading is usually never an issue and the customer service is always helpful and accommodating regardless if its over the phone or in person. I hardly
If the SEAT fits. . .,Jet Blue has LEG and SEAT room! The movie is playing right in front of your face on the seat in front of you. The stewards and stewardesses are helpful and kind. I love to fly this airline! They accommodate you with an aisle or forward seat if a person has a handicap!
Flawless Travel Experience,The entire process with JetBlue was very simple. The self-service kiosks allow you to print your bag tags. The staff is pleasant and the terminal at JFK has everything you need.
pleasant trip,"This trip was comfortable.I usually pay for comfort seat upgrade on Delta but these were just regular main cabin seats. Since I was flying with a neck brace on,3months after surgery,it really was not a bad flight."
Great experience with great people,JetBlue makes you feel like a valuable person from the moment you reach the counter to the moment you deplane. This is one of my favorite airlines as they continue to offer water and snacks on all their flights.
Best airline around,"From the ground crew to the flight crew they are always nice, professional and polite. I fly once a month and have tried others but have settled in to Jet blue as my go to airline. Delays if any are weather related which they have no control over. Also by far most comfortable"
Every single time.. we love JetBlue,"On a very sad day, taking my mothers ashes home to Puerto Rico, i called ahead of time and they advised everything i needed and how to proceed the day of the flight, the TSA agents were also amazing and even gave us our condolences. I have flown Jet blue for 13 years now and"
Great Ride,"JetBlue airlines is the best. Almost always onTime. In seat entertainments. Great crew. Good snacks & drinks. Flies many places. Convenient, economical"
50th celebration,Great customer service. Boarding and exiting went smoothly. Flight was on time. Great snacks and movies.
Family reasons,It will be nice and more people will use Jetblue if it can go back to the old times of having a great happy meal on the plane i think we all miss that part
Amazing crew and service,"I upgraded my seat to ""even more room"" so I could sleep during my red-eye flight. Their planes are clean and crew is very professional. They cater your needs when it comes to getting rest or buying a meal on the flight. The seats are very comfortable and offer a sleeping kit for"
Great flight!,"Attendants were friendly and helpful, and even answered some questions I had about their safety presentation! We loved the snacks, especially the blue chips and the popcorn chips. Our return flight took off late, but that wasn't the airline's fault."
JetBlue is great,"Flew from Boston to Buffalo. We were heading to Hamilton, ONT. for our son's wedding. Got to the airport, did the kiosk check-in and a representative came over to help us out. Tagged our bags, handed them over at the counter. Nice & easy!"
Mint Class Experience,"We recently flew from San Francisco to Boston on Jet Blue and had the pleasure of upgrading to their mint class option. I am not sure how we are going to do it, but I am not sure I can ever go back to normal flying again! I am tall (6'3"") and I was able to lay flat and sleep on"
Excellent flight crews in both directions.,Excellent flight crew first from Ft. Lauderdale and second from Boston. Smooth sailing at airport and in the air.
"JetBlue,cheap but has enough legs room","JetBlue,cheap but has enough legs room. Service is ok. On way back from San Juan,Puerto Rico to New York, we was sitting for 2.5 hours inside of plane and waiting if it will fly or not. Fortunately we did."
Last minute trip,"As always, JetBlue offered a nice flight. It’s my airline and will continue to be as long as it’s keeps the good service."
Great Flight,My first flight with JetBlue was great.. I was traveling with a group and would not hesitate to again. The seats were wide and there was plenty of leg room. The snacks were great too!
JetBlue,I hadn't use this airline in years on purpose. It was such a pleasure to see how JetBlue has stepped up their game. Eco class was spacious. The cost was very satisfactory.I hate I had a return flight on United. I will definitely use JetBlue again.
Always a nice experience flying with this airline.......,We took off on time and arrived as scheduled. The TV's make the flight go quicker which is always nice. Food and beverage options were often. I even applied for a JetBlue MasterCard on board!
Air travel as it should be,"Easy check-in and bag check, comfortable waiting area with power plugs to charge devices, orderly boarding process, comfortable seats with plenty of room for a 6 foot man even in economy, excellent friendly service, great entertainment system with live TV, and on time"
"Comfort flight, good price",I have flown JetBlue many times before and it is a very consistent airline. The plane was a new one so it had nice large TV screens. I reccomend flying the extra leg room in the first few rows. The flight was pleasant and service was good. A smooth fight and a nice airport
Flight left 90 minutes earlier than expected causing my son to miss his flight.,JetBlue sent me an alert at 2:44 p.m. notifying me that my sons flight will be delayed from leaving at 6:12 p to 8:25 p. I alerted my son. He arrived at the airport at 7p. He ended up missing his flight because his plane was set to leave at 7:09 pm. and kiosk did not allow him
Good company,Overall I love the company and the flights are great. The employees are extremely nice. I can also say they are great if you are flying unaccompanied minors. The only issue I keep running into is most of my flights are delayed going back and forth between florida and New York.
The Best Airline.. JETBLUE to The World,I would recommend for anybody if you haven't done so as yet to fly Jetblue airlines. The staff are very friendly and caring. The flights are always on time and your luggage arrives on time also. aThey are SIMPLY AMAZING.. I promise you will not regret it. Fly Jetblue
Great!,Flew from Orlando to Virginia on business. Great service. The trip both ways went without a hitch. Thanks Jet Blue!
Fall colors,We recently flew to Boston to view the fall colors in New England. The flights up and back were on time and very friendly staff. I will fly them again and wouldn’t hesitate to recommend them to others.
Great flights,JetBlue is very impressive. The staff is courteous and helpful. The space is so comfortable and spacious.
Don't Fly Jet Blue Tampa to San Juan!,"I've had great experiences with Jet Blue in the past, but either the airline is going downhill, or JetBlue is maximizing profits on this route because they have no competition (which is what I suspect). In spite of the problems, the passengers didn't become unruly and the"
Best Flights,"I've flown JetBlue many, many times and the experience is always superior to other airlines I've flown. In fact, if given a choice, I'd fly JetBlue every time. The inflight crew was courteous and welcoming. I even witnessed one inflight crew member go above an beyond for another"
I love JetBlue,"JetBlue always makes you feel special. The service is great, I am a very tall man and I love the extra leg room and the TV and snacks are an added bonus."
Always Great!,"JetBlue is always nothing short of amazing. They are main choice when it comes to flying, domestically and internationally."
Great flight!,"On time, very accommodating and great on board services! Staff were polite, professional, and friendly. Would highly recommend this airline as every trip I have taken on JetBlue has been in a good and positive experience."
Quick trip,So the flight and service was ok but we had an old plane. It was a noisey plan and the seats were uncomfortable and I was sitting in the extra leg room seats. Service was slow which I was surprised by but I love Jetblue so I will fly them again maybe not from Newark or to
Love JET BLUE,"When it comes to flying- I love Jet Blue, they are easy, friendly and clean. No airline is perfect but Jet Blue for me is the most consistent which is better than most airlines"
Boston to Tampa,"Excellent experience on JetBlue as always. Luggage can take some time to come to the carousel but other than that, highly recommend."
"First time JetBlue traveler, but definitely not the last! Fab flight.","We flew through Fort Lauderdale. Both flights were on time and had fantastic service, comfy seats, smooth short layover and a very nice selection of free snacks. We will definitely fly JetBlue again."
Good for what it is,"Bear in mind that this is a low-cost, no-frills airline. No meals are included in the ticket price although duration is over 3 hours. Light meals like sandwiches and salads are offered for sale but very pricey and very little variety. Best bet is to pick up something to eat in"
Pre-Flight Delay,"We find JetBlue to be very reasonable with their fares, and the service is very nice. This flight was no different - with one exception. A technical glitch created a delay in our departure time, which was exacerbated by a rain storm with lightning, just as we were given"
We LOVE JetBlue!,"We really like the legroom and great service on this airline. For a supposedly economy airline they have free TV, Movies, WiFi and still serve snacks! Usually pretty close to on-time our return trip was about 45 minutes late, which is ON TIME for most airlines today."
Pleasant Check-In and Flight,"Both the Jet Blue agent assisting clients on line waiting to get to the counter and the desk agent were very friendly, attentive and provided excellent service."
was comfortable,I had a good seat the staff was wonderful the flight was smooth all the way threw it was clean and the tv was working usually it doesn't
Friendly skies,This airline has become my go to airline. Its been improving with each trip i take. On time let's just say its superseded my expectations this trip take of non time land on time. Real courteous employees. Recommend this airline. See you next trip.
Ugh!! Pick another airlines!,"We were flying out of jfk in nyc to Jacksonville, Florida. We were informed last minute that the plane was out of service. I’m not even going to into the girl at the counters personality. She couldn’t even bother to look at you when she barely spoke to you and didn’t care to"
Very good Flight,I had not flown in several years but was very pleased with Jet Blue. I had a aisle seat in the first row. The flight attendants were all friendly and helpful. The flight was comfortable and on time. My only problem was I had to book in a hurry for family and did not get a great
Changed Flight with no Hassle,"We were flying from Boston to Philadelphia on 12/16, and our scheduled flight was delayed for about 1 hour and 45 minutes. Upon arriving at Logan airport, we went to the counter to change our flight to an earlier (also delayed) flight. The counter agent could not have been nicer"
Excellent Airline,"It is very hard to give an airline a five-star rating, as airlines have become are the worst businesses. Differently though, JetBlue is trying to rise above them all. Truly, JetBlue had more leg room in coach, nicer and cleaner environment, better food for airline food, and"
JetBlue flight to Aruba,My wife and I flew JetBlue to Aruba in December. All went well. Discount service was the same as the big airlines. We will use them again.
Late plane caused us to miss our connecting flight and JetBlue couldn't care less,"Our plane was an hour and a half late to EWR, which caused us to be 20 minutes late to our connecting flight to Lima. When we checked in at EWR, the JetBlue representative was apathetic like she didn't care that we were going to miss our flight. We asked if the plane could be"
The best airline around!,"Another fabulous flight on JetBlue. They really do everything right. The flight attendants are always so friendly and helpful. I love the wonderful snacks they provide, and as a Mosaic customer, it's super nice to get the free alcoholic drinks! The seats are comfy, and they"
"Smooth, pleasant trip",Signed up for comfort seats (more leg room and much closer to the loo. Efficient check-in at both ends. Friendly crew. Pilots kept us well-informed on our progress. Quick trip from landing to the gate.
It would have been 5 stars if they had put my bag on the plane,"Great plane, great seats everything was great, until we got to Freeport and our bag was missing. As we later learned it had never been placed on the plane. Doubtlessly someone had noticed our bag sitting there long before the trace came through. Unfortunately it wasn't worth"
Busy but good cabin,"Busy flight, but comfortable seat and good cabin attendant, snacks were good and coffee okay, in flight updates were fine w had to wait a while for bags to come though."
Really Dissapointed,"I am a frequent Jet Blue flyer and was excited to book a roundtrip trip from JFK to Burbank Ca, avoiding LAX. Unfortunately, the flight was not up to the Jet Blue standards.Jet Blue was the cool, airline with clean planes, comfortable seats and friendly service. The plane was"
Highly recommend,"I hadn’t flown JetBlue in years, but found a good price on round trip tix to Las Vegas. This was one of my best flights that I’ve had in a while. From boarding, to the service of the personnel... to the snacks (including the help yourself fridge), and the wifi"
Flight experience,I really enjoyed my flight in jet blue. Flight was shorter than expected and flight attendants were all awesome! Thanks jet blue...
Would fly again,"Everything was as expected, taking one star off for delay at gate and my entertainment screen was not working."
they did not honor the 5-day lower fare adjustment offer,tried to buy $1750 worth of tickets online but website gave system error. Called Jetblue immediately and ended up having to pay $3000 - fares went up in 10 minutes.. These tickets were for 4 passengers from Orlando to Tortola. Jetblue said I had 5 days to show fares had
Unnecessary Delay,We were delayed for 1 1/2 hours because an adult with downs was in an exit seat and the flight attendant felt he wouldn't be able to help anyone in case of emergency. That's not the issue. The issue and cause of the delay was that rather than ask around and locate someone
"Spacious: wide seat, legroom, and under-seat","In the season that airlines raise prices by $200 to fly to and from the Caribbean, needed an airline in which I could get a """"basic economy"" care. Reluctantly, I tried JetBlue. Glad I did! What a comfortable 3 hour trip. Walking to my seat, I became immediately aware. Of the"
Discount air done right,"They were the cheapest, most direct option, and it worked well. There was a delay of a few hours due to plane maintenance, but the captain was out with us to explain what happened, why it happened, and what he was doing to expedite the process. Even the back seats had decent leg"
Good budget airline,"The seat was comfortable, check in was quick and efficient. It met all of my expectations. We even got drinks and a snack. I was pleased with the trip overall."
Best Airline Ever!!!,Jetblue has always been my go-to airline. The flights are always on time. The seats are comfortable with great legroom. The planes are always very clean. On this particular flight I had the JetBlue Mint Seat experience. It was out of this world. My best experience yet. It was
The Trip,We had a great flight with Jet blue they know how to take care of you and we enjoyed our flights. We were on time for all of the flights and great landing too.
JETBLUE = AWESOME,"Always a great experience with this company, from customer service to the flight, I have never had a bad thing to say."
Good Flight,We have been using Jet Blue more lately. The planes are usually on time and they are well maintained. Air personnel are cordial so you feel comfortable. You really can’t ask for much more. We will definitely use Jet Blue next time we travel by air.
Five Stars for service and comfort,"JetBlue has only one class; however, we purchased even more space seats which rival the competitions business class. We have global entry and TSA pre-check so we do not need priority boarding but it would be helpful for those who do not. We NEVER check a bag so early boarding is"
Great Flight,"We continue to have very good luck with JetBlue Airways. Occasionally, a lfight might be a little late coming in or taking off, but it is usually minimal. They have also been VERY accomodating when we have had to change our flights. Their points program also allows my entire"
"At one time, I had a very negative opinion of JetBlue. After this trip, however, my opnion has changed.","Our flight started out very uneventful. However, that soon changed. When the plane was ascending it was hit by a turkey vulture! That is one HUGE bird. Because the crew didn't panic, the passengers didn't panic. The pilot turned the plane around and we headed back to Fort"
Nice entertainment,Jetblue is easy and convienent but I do not like their different levels of pay on how many bags you take.
1st time on JetBlue,"This is the first time I flew with JetBlue, I will definitely book with them in the future. On time, flight attendants very friendly, very cozy seats. Free drink and snack even with very low airfare price."
Cattle go to Market,The stop over in Charlotte NC was horrible!  The Jet Blue staff at the airport were not helpful the wait for the connecting flight was horrific!  That area was congested of too many late and delayed flights passengers.  I felt like cattle about to go to market!  Because of this
Best of them all,I flew to visit my sister with my Mom. My mom hadn't flown in 10+ years and because we booked it a little last minute we didn't get seats together. I emailed JetBlue hoping to shuffle passengers so that we could sit together as I have been asked to do as a single traveler. But
Great Airline,"Always a great flight with JetBlue. Cabin staff are professional, courteous and very accommodating. We were pleasantly surprised with an upgrade we were not expecting. My husband has difficulty walking and they provided him wheelchair assistances without our even asking. We"
JetBlue lost substantial business,"My daughter is getting married in Aruba later this year. Our family was looking to travel together and contacted JetBlue to accommodate us. Her main concern was that her wedding gown could be broad onto the plane, as opposed to checking it in baggage, and that it would be"
JetBlue - You're Setting the Standards for What Flying Domestic in the US Should Be!,Flying domestic within the US has always been painful. But getting on to JetBlue in its MINT cabin class for a 6-hour flight from Boston to Vegas was a superb experience. A thoughtful card to welcome us on board and signed by the two stewards serving the cabin. Lovely
Always on time !,I love JETBLUE ! Always on time and excellent customer service! They provide beverages and a light snack free of charge. You can recline your seat and it's roomier than other economy airlines.
"Moms birthday ","Flight was slightly delayed, but was notified it was going to be delayed. Wonderful flight otherwise. My biggest DISAPPOINTMENT is that Jetblue will no longer be flying to St. Croix, Virgin Islands after January 2019. What a blow to the residents ."
A Little extra leg room goes a long way,"This is a comfortable cabin seat, definitely more leg room than other carriers...and they came thru the cabin with a selection of free snacks"
Comfortable... with inflight Entertainment...,We enjoyed our two hour flight on JetBlue. There were tv's located in the backs of each seat for your viewing pleasure. I was rather comfortable and of course there were snacks for your enjoyment as well. You have the option of watching free movies and tv or paying additional
Love Jetble especially MInt Class,"My favorite domestic airline by a mile! Love Mint class but even if you don’t fly in Mint still the best. Great service very friendly, Wi-Fi in the sky. Most US carriers are aweful and ai avoid them like the plague."
Comfortable cross country flight,We were able to fly SFO to Fort Lauderdale overnight in comfort without problem in time of day arrangements at the airports leaving or arriving. Unfortunately there was a problem at SFO coming back and the flight couldn't take off from Ft. Lauderdale on time. We were delayed 6
Jettt BLueee All The Way,"Ahead of my vaction planned trip aboard Allure Of The Seas and visits with family, atvthe very last minute I logged onto JetBlue booked in and arrived on time. Great service friendly staff and crew. Highly recommended. Therapy Charters Bb"
Short trip,"I use Jet Blue for my trips to NYC, they are my go to airline. I just wish Jet Blue went to Europe. I asked the Jet Blue airline travel agent if they had flights to Paris, the answer was no, but apparently the airline is working on making this a reality. If they maintaine their"
SCREW BLUE !,"SCREW JET BLUE !!! They tell everyone there is an hour delay... then send people away, then decide to board on time. They do not do alerts down the airport but only at their local terminal that they decide to board on time. Basically... people missed flights because THEY LIE TO"
Consistently up to par,"I've taken this same flight 3 times over the last 2 yrs and as far as an economy international flight, they do an overall good job. Leaving& arriving on time was in check, couteous service, all the basic snacks and drinks you want + the fact the even make additional food"
Met or exceeded expectations,"Very friendly service at check in. Knew in advance what seats we were going to sit in. Efficient and timely boarding. On time departure and arrival, and professional service on the way there. I might add that our return flight ( #2626 ) was even better. Early departure and"
Flight Delight,"Checked in online Waiting area clean, plenty of seating Excellent attendants Clean plane Service Perfect Flight on time Landed perfectly"
Great Flight,"Efficient, clean, friendly, good communication between airline and passengers. Helpful and attentive."
They're not perfect but they get the job done,"We always fly JetBlue (whenever possible). Fortunately, most places we go, they go. We know what to expect. The flight and the crew area always good (and sometimes great). If you can find new(er) planes (i've only found them on some x-country flights) then you're in luck. "
good,"We usually fly Jet Blue out of Boston, we wanted to try Providence, and it was so much easier. Shuttle from your car to the door of your airline. Check in was smooth as it was not as crowded as Boston. Good flight and very comfortable."
Consistent arrival times,"What I adore about JetBlue are the consistent flight times plus the highly competitive air fare rates. Definitely join their TrueBlue points rewards. I effortlessly receive points for Air fare, flying in my Birthday month, Even more space, flying 3 round trip tickets in a year,"
Best airline out there.,"I've fly a lot in my work and have used numerous airlines. JetBlue is by far my favorite. The planes are clean and the staff friendly and helpful. No hidden costs await the traveler and the seats are comfortable. I'm 6'2"" and I don't feel crowded even in the cheap seats."
Consistency is Key,"Always a good flight, even if there's a glitch of some kind. They compensate any inconvenience and are quick to resolve any issues. I love Jetblue above any other airline. Leg space, screen monitor to watch shows, or listen to music, courteous staff competitive prices."
Cancelled - out of luck,"Frustrating lack of customer service. They cancelled our flight from Fort Lauderdale to RDU and wanted us to wait 2 days for the next available seats. No discounts. No vouchers. Nada. Ticket agents were not helpful. We drove it, no problems. We will not fly JB again."
Great Airline,A great flight and airline. Great snacks - gave whole can of soda plus terra chips and other choices also. No problems at all
Ok airline,Flying JetBlue had it's good and bad points but mostly I found this airline to be just average. I have to say that the flight did leave on time and arrived early which was a plus since I'd been traveling back from Hawaii with a 7 hours layover in LA. I wasn't happy about not
Good service but very expensive airfare.,Last week I traveled with my wife from New York to Ft Myers. We paid for air $538 per person. Think it is very expencive when you can in the same period travel to Europe and pay only $476 for 7-8 hours flight.
Missed by that much,"Missed our check in (with baggage) for our flight from LAX to Boston by 3 minutes. The JetBlue team saved the day and moved us (7 travellers) on to the next flight at 3pm today! Sensational customer service, delivered with a smile and without a fuss. This is the sort of service"
Amazing Pilots and Airline Attendeants,"This was the first time flying by myself but I have traveled before. The Pilot was great. Take off was so smooth and the landing, I didn't even know the airplane touched down. I have never experienced such a great job done by a Pilot. The Airline Attendants are so nice and"
JetBlue Los Angeles,We we’re very impressed with this smooth and comfortable flight. Service was great...lots of legroom in coach...newer plane !
Brand new plane...,Walked onto the plane and was immediately aware that it must have been a new plane. Very clean. Blue mood lighting. Seats had a lot of room even way back in row 23. Personal TVs were touch screen. Snacks and beverages are stored I’d cabin behind self serve clear doors. The hot
Worth Every Penny,"We bit the bullet this summer and flew First Class round trip Seattle/ Boston. What can I say - it was wonderful. Great food, service, privacy, it was worth every penny. However, even though it was expensive, it will save money in the long run because we will not be able to"
MY AIRLINE!!,The best airline for me. Travels direct ABQ to JFK - who could ask for more! Fabulous prices and great service. And get the Jet Blue credit card - links up to the best discounts from points. I'm a dedicated fan!.
JetBlue Direct,"We were one of the first flights out and use the kiosk to print luggage tags and boarding passes then used baggage drop making check in faster and easier.The 5 hour flight was on time and flight crew was great. Had no baggage issues when we landed, always a great way to start a"
The flight crew are a delight,I am somewhat of a frequent flyer and I personally work in the service industry. The flight crew on flight 633 with service from Boston to San Francisco were beyond professional. I was in row 27C and the woman who sat behind me was an absolute nightmere. The crew staff handled
High quality airline,"This airline was highly professional. They really provided some comfort from a long trip back from Europe. This was the last flight of a very long day, and it was cozy with plenty of legroom. A+."
The most supportive airline ever,"They did a very good job, the fare is cheaper, and especially the service is 5*, we stuck at security door as too much traffic, supposed to be late for flight but they waited for us, always smiling, friendly, supportive. JetBlue make us feel being personally cared. Any chance to"
Nice smooth Flight,"Very comfy seating arrangements, good flight. Generous snacks available for those first served, later patrons were given only one snack. Did provide complete cans of drinks and allowed for two selections of free non - alcoholic beverages."
Good,On time performance. All well. Walking from arriving terminal to customs not really very short however all looks new and nice. Immigration understaffed and took quite some time.
Good Airline,"I've been flying back and forth once a month for the past 4 months. The service has been excellent - on phone, at airport, on plane. I like the back of the plane - if it is not completely sold, the empty seats are usually in the back of the plane. The drawback, of course, is"
Thanksgiving Day flight,"We booked a package deal through Priceline for a Thanksgiving 4 day getaway to NYC. Our outgoing flight was on time and seamless except for a delay in tv service because the system had to be reset I think it was on within 20 minutes, so no biggie. Our return flight was delayed,"
Some retraining may be required for ADA Accommodations.,"We love Jetblue however, I was greatly disappointed on our last trip. The initial rudeness of the female ticket agent. As a wife and caregiver for my husband who is wheelchair bound we have never been made to stand in the lines to seek assistance because of the length of the"
all fine,All fine and within expectation. Airport fairly crowded Monday after Thanksgiving. Little confusion as our check in on machine did not work and had to go back to line for counter check in. Good airline
Jet blue sucks,"First time last time, planes on-time pilot is 3 hours late on another flight. Canceled a delta flight to get home early. Never again, these guys are a joke."
Nice Flight to Orlando,There were no problems. There is more leg room on economy class than other airlines. That makes a big difference when you have long legs. There is also a better selection of snacks. Nothing bad to say.
A GREAT EXPERIENCE FOR A REASONABLE PRICE,"Whenever I will see that JETBLUE is flying to my destination I will book on it. The experience I had in flying from Boston to Seattle in MINT Class was truly a great one. The seating on the A 321 was really comfortable, the service was impeccable, great warm breakfast, great"
Rough morning,"We got an email the night before or flight saying that it was going to be delayed, but still to be at the airport at the original time. This eard the first time wer had flown into and out of Chicago with jetblue. Considering they only have 1 gate(weird) in Chicago they did the"
JetBlue to Aruba,I checked around for several weeks prior to purchasing. After about 2-3 hours online one night comparing rates I decided to go with Expedia because as a Gold Member the seat assignments were free which made the price acceptable. I downloaded the JetBlue app and registered for
short haul was well priced and on time!,"airport was easy to get through, check in was simple and boarding a breeze. This short haul flight was full. Plane had plenty of leg room with comfortable seats, and in flight snacks were fine."
"Took a while to get on a flight, but was great once it finally happened!","I had the experience of a late flight thus causing me to miss the connecting flight. 2x. To be fair, it was a tight timing (just an hour). I was put up in a hotel in West Palm Beach that was lovely and the flight the next day left on time. Upon hearing my name called, I was"
CATTLE CAR LIKE ALL OTHERS,"Jet Blue used to have lowest fair on this route since Southwest abandoned direct flights, but now they are the same or more than others. And, their on time record is usually atrocious. However, on this trip they were right on time and the flight was a pleasant as you can"
JetBlue is great,"JetBlue is great, I have flown on Jetblue many times. There service is great, carry on bags are free"
Excellent Airline,Excellent airline to flight with. Flights were on time from Newark to Santo Domingo and from Santo Domingo to Newark. No need to pay for seats; you only pay for checked bags. They still provide you with free snacks and soft drinks. Each seat is equipped with TV. Make sure to
Always the best!,"I love, and always will love JetBlue. The app is easy and seat selection is a breeze The boarding process is done by zone and there are lines formed separately for each zone. (I much prefer this over the group huddle of other airlines) The TV's in each seat with direct TV is"
Awful Customer Service!,"I was trying to book a flight from PHX to GND. I found the flight in google flights, called to check if it’s available. The representative told me it’s sold out. I asked him if it’s typical for google flights to not have updated JetBlue flights availablity, since I can see the"
Surprislngly Satsifed,Flight Was booked 3 weeks out but for the price it was reasonable & the i was satisfied with the basic amenities like satellite tv & a fair amount of seat space. I thought they was no frills like Spirit airlines but that was far from the case. Definitely will fly them in the
Love Jet Blue,"Flew from Palm Beach to Newark and back and had a great experience both times. All staff were friendly, flights were on time, and usually bags are already on the carousel by the time you get down there. Really can't say enough about JetBlue. Good snack and DD coffee, plus the"
Hmmm,They had us board the plane very early. Then we sat on there for approximately 45 minutes before the pilot announced that we were waiting because the crew had gotten in late the night before and had to have their mandatory rest time. Why did they load the plane that early? The
"Always comfortable, not always affordable.","I take JetBlue whenever its available to the destination I am heading. I live in Dallas. So, Dallas to New York? torturous. Its a 7 to hr flight. Dallas, Layover in Boston up to 4hrs and on to NY. Makes me want to live in Austin where its a direct flight."
Cancelled flight! Not even an apology,This is by far the worst airline ever! They completely disregard customers who pay them. They cancelled my flight with little notice and no compensation and told us all we could just sleep at the airport all night with all of our luggage. They give no apology or anything for
"Direct flight from Austin, TX to Boston, MA on JetBlue","After an exciting vacation trip to Austin the week of Thanksgiving, my partner and I had to make our way home to Boston. We decided to leave on the Friday after Thanksgiving because we didn't want to deal with all the air traffic and crowds going back to school and home on the"
Best Customer Service,My fiancée and I was late for our flight and we had extra luggage. The airport was packed but inspite of all of that the folks at JetBlue went above and beyond to still get us on our flight. Then after missing the flight they still kept trying to assist us even though we bought
All hands on deck to help handicapped traveler,"As my wife is handicapped when I called to make our reservation the agent took over and made our experience a great trip. From curbside to check in to gate escort security check on boarding, arrival assistance to bagged pickup everything was planned out for us. They gave us"
"""RT Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale""","JetBlue is one of my preferred carriers, as I like the additional space between the leather seats and certainly the convenience of the TV. That's where my gripe comes in. Probably a major coincidence, but on both flights the TV wasn't working, and no real reason or excuse was"
Food needs an upgrade!,"Standard great service, free fly-fi, comfortable seats and excellent staff. My only complaint is with the food options. As a frequent jet blue flier, the snacks are in desperate need of a change. The cheese plate claims to have 3 types of cheese but they all taste the same and"
"Return flight - good, quick","I flew back to Dulles from Boston. One of the lavatories was broken, but the flight was only a little over an hour so not a major issue. Quick boarding, quick flight."
"Good service, quick flight","I was traveling from Dulles to Boston for business. Jetblue has a twice a day commuter flight directly there and back. On time, quick, easy boarding, no issues. The flight was not completely full, so not overly packed in either. The seats were a little uncomfortable, but not"
Very Nice Team,We fly jetBlue for all of our Caribbean destinations. We always get the extra legroom and enjoy the benefit. The crews are very friendly and helpful when you need them. the snacks are a treat which makes the trip more enjoyable than a bag of nuts.
"World Class Wedding Venues - Say ""I Do"" Worldwide - Loves Jet Blue!","World Class Wedding Venues - Say ""I Do"" Worldwide - Your Worldwide Wedding Directory Team - loves flying JetBlue! Outstanding customer service, great relaxing seats, amazing movie selections. WCWV travels frequently to Aruba for business and pleasure and JetBlue is our FIRST"
JetBlue is the only way to fly!!!,"JetBlue is and always be our go to Airline. If JetBlue flies there we only take their services. Our trip originated in Portland, ME with a layover at JFK then onward to Puerto Rico. The boarding is always civil and we are greeted when stepping onto the plane. The flight"
Always great!,We always fly JetBlue whenever possible. They are consistently great. Fares are reasonable and their customer service is exceptional!
"Treated like the VIPS, we pretend to be....","We travel to Cancun twice a year and we always use JetBlue's direct flight option. Now that we have (2) little one's, we prefer to sit in the first row, for the extra floor space and play room. :) So far we have been lucky enough to get those seats on the way there and back for"
Great vacation,So I haven’t taken a vacation in a couple of years. JetBlue never disappoints. Terrific staff. Directv and SiriusXM on board. Lots of free movies. If JetBlue doesn’t go there. I Don’t go there. Planning my next vacation already
Jet blue policies... pros and cons,"1st off - we've flown on may airlines. Southwest, Jetblue, delta, american etc etc..and over all I like Jet blue.. but it's my opinion that they should change their cancelation / change policy... - this one thing is making me think of switching to southwest next time I travel..."
Always a pleasure to fly Jet Blue.,Another comfortable flight. The seats are more roomy than all other low cost airlines and soft drinks and snacks are free. The staff is always a pleasure. When traveling I always check Jet Blue first.
Weekend Trip to Tampa,Love my JetBlue flights...mostly because of the entertainment factor because I am not much of a sleeper on flights. The flight to Tampa was delayed 1:40 minutes due to an issue at the previous stop. Always a bummer to lose that much time. The plane itself was an older version
Terrible Delayed Flight Experience,"We're took this flight from MCO to JFK and reached MCO Airport at 11am, meanwhile our flight schedule was departed at 3.18pm. After checked in, We're just received email from jetblue which told us the gate was changed and the time was delayed to 5.46pm. Nightmare was started,"
our flight back to new york from cancun,nice flight back to new york . left on time and arrived earlier than expected. smooth ride the entire way. couldn't asked for a better flight.
Our flight to cancun mexico,on time and efficient as usual very happy with their service. the staff where excellent and very helpful. A very smooth fly overall .
Overcrowed unprofessional flight attendant,"Way too over crowed flight, no baggage overhead people sitting on top of one another. The flight crew attendant was rude and unprofessional. Aircraft was dirty and chip bag and a tissue, crumbs on seats and clippings left from prior passengers. When it was time for a snack the"
Love the little TVs that each passenger has,"I love the little TVs that are in front of each seat. They play live TV shows as well as sirius radio. On the flight they give you a choice of snacks and a beverage. Our specific flight had 3 babies and 2 pets on board. The babies were so quiet, and well behaved. If you"
Excellent,"We had another excellent experience on on our flights from FLL to our Montego Bay vacation. The warm welcome, great leg room , comfy seats, multiple choices for snacks and friendly service met and exceeded our expectations."
Nice flight,"Uneventful flight. Easy enough check in, nice clean plane, courteous flight attendants. I would fly this airline again for sure."
Great flights to and from SJO,"Genuinely prefer JetBlue for all business and pleasure travel, when possible. We have always found that JwdBlue has professional pilots and flight attendants, service is commonly ideal and seats are comfortable as well. This last trip was a great one even though we had a 2 hour"
OK flight,"Check in was fast and friendly, followed by a 1 hour delay in departure which left me with very little time to make my connection in Boston - just made it ! Just as well I was seated near the front of the plane for a quick exit."
Awesome,What a great flight service was fab Staff one of the best Even got a free snack Flight left on time and only took 50 minutes for IAD to ajFK
Friendly staff,"Everything was smooth, from check-in , all the way to baggage claim. The flight crew were friendly and attentive, and the seats are spacious. Definitely our first choice when flying to and from New York."
Excellent,"Love Jet Blue! The flight to and from Aruba is direct from Boston. The crew is always friendly and attentive, the app on my phone and customer service just makes everything easy and effortless. It is always our airline of choice."
Flew Jet Blue to Texas from Logan in Boston.,"Easy check in at ticket kiosk. Gate waiting area was comfortable with plenty of outlets for charging electronics. Plane boarded on time and pretty easily! Comfortable seats, even the middle one! Good flight, attendants were nice and efficient. Landing and deplaning went easily."
JetBlue is far better than the rest..,"Pilot Ozzie Osbourne gets a 10, great guy, funny and you felt safe after hearing his welcome aboard speech. A. great flight, Navy pilot, great hospitality among the flight attendants, top entertainment, Direct TV and FREE movies. Drinks and snacks at no additional charge,"
Let down by an unsympathetic airline.,"We like to support our local airport; after all, it's privately-owned and also very convenient. We booked this flight in order to connect with a transatlantic flight to Manchester, England. The time of the flight works well and gives us about 5 hours to transfer terminals,"
Good enough,"3 drinks, 4 snacks and a perfect landing later we arrived home safely. We flew with a group of 10 and they got us seats together and hooked us up with snacks."
More legroom in coach!,"JetBlue really does have more space on its planes! I booked my flight last-minute, so I didn't have the opportunity to pre-select my seat. Imagine my surprise that the boarding agent gave out ""more space"" seats to all of us last-minute customers! I'm a big guy (6 foot), and"
Great seat size!,"I was beyond myself with the seats, how roomie they were and how it looked as if the whole plane was business class and same about the service. I so didn't expected so I've loved that flight!"
2nd Perfect Flight,"I fly JetBlue the Denver / Boston flights on #993 and #994 most often, but took the early morning flight out of Boston before Thanksgiving. I am always very pleased with the check in, boarding, flight service, and exiting the plane. Landings and take offs are smooth and"
Mrs.Galina,"Whenever it is possible I fly JetBlue. Wonderful airline. Almost never disappointed. I went to Grenada 2 month ago, the island is wonderful and flights as well. In a few days I will go to Martinique, but will fly Norvigean airline, it is much cheaper. So, we will see."
JetBlue ok but could be better,"JetBlue had the best price but luggage policy was harsh 35$ per item was a bit too much I think, the flight was an hour late leaving mexico and they didn't offer anything for our inconvenience, Orlando was very slow with the customs but well that happens, on the way back to"
Smooth Flying,Seamless flight - from check-in to security to flight time - everything was on time and as nice as economy class can be.
Great flights but paying for additional leg room was a waste of money,"On the way down, I upgraded to more legroom seats, row 2 and paid an additional $60 per seat. On the way back, more legroom seats were all sold out and we were in row 8 and the legroom was almost the same? I felt like I was ripped off paying the extra $120 for me and my wife."
Aircraft is spacious and comfortable,"I've taken Jetblue many times and I like the aircraft. Although there isn't much service, but the crew are quite friendly. The seats are spacious and clean.They also serve drinks and snacks. I enjoyed taking their flights. And they are also on time most of the time. I wouldn't"
Do Not Fly Jet Blue,"Flew my boyfriend, or I should say tried to fly my boyfriend, to Puerto Rico on a last minute flight for his grandmother's funeral. Jet Blue flagged his booking as fraudulent because it was my credit card and not his. TSA pulled him into a private room and harassed him for 2"
Lost my bags,"The lesson I learned is to not switch carriers. I left San Juan on JetBlue to Orlando, where I caught another carrier to Santiago, Chile. My bags didn't get on the leg to Santiago. Three days later they caught up with me. Many valuables in the bag were not compensated for."
Easy Flight,"The flight was smooth and the TV for each seat made the flight go quickly. Coffee and snack was free, and they did sell some other items if you needed them."
The Flight looks good and air hostess hospitality is not good.,"I Like inside the flight but, air hostess hospitality is not good. Let me tell my experience. She asked me anything to drink and I told any soda is fine. She replied to me, we have many soda and which soda you need specifically sir, also the tone she used really hurts. I thought"
Very comfortable short flight the day after a very long flight the day before.,"We flew in from abroad to SFO and wanted a flight do the south. We took this flight the next day in the morning. The flight was very comfortable with lots of leg room, in comparison to Iberia, which we flew into the US. We ordered online and used the app for updates and checkin."
Consistent service,"We only travel Jetblue because of the roomy seats, price, and dependability. The service is consistent, but sometimes the seat tvs don't work.that's the only thing keeping it from the highest rating."
Met what was expected and on time all the 4 flights,"For a low cost airline, they need to improve on the products they offer, very basic and not much thought into it. I could design a much better menu probably cheaper. They also lack on safety compared to schedule airline like British Airways where emergency exits are suer clear"
Great service,"Although the seats were a bit cramp for my 6’2” frame, the flight attendants provided great customer service which made the flight that much better."
Bad business all around. It should be JOKE BLUE not JETBLUE,I took a flight from BOS to MCO. The gate agents were very slow about boarding. When we finally got on board the pilot said they had mechanical problems and we had to wait 45 mins. 45 mins turned into almost 1 1/2 hours! We found out that the mechanics didn't want to give the
Smooth flight despite inclement weather conditions.,"Plane was delayed, due to recommendation from Air Traffic Controllers, but we did make up time and the flight was quick. The pilot did a great job landing the plane so smoothly when the runways were coated with snow, and we had to circle for a while when they were being cleared."
WELCOME TO THE LCC !,"even though the purpose of my flight was to save some money, at the end of the day made a big big mistake selecting a flight I couldnt change ! It doesnt really make a difference to get a warm meal, or blankets or pillows... but it does when flying back there is allowance for"
Great seats and crew,Love Even More Space seats. Plenty of leg room. Crew were very considerate as usual. Very pleasant flight.
jetBlue may be my new favorite,"I am usually a bargain shopper when it comes to flights. Hard not to be with all the deal websites out there. But I am starting to realize, that bargain flights are crap. Do not fly Spirit or Frontier, they charge you after booking for things like seats, carry on, early check"
Flew Out of Burbank for the First Time,"We flew on JetBlue out of Burbank for the first time and it was awesome. Burbank is such a small airport that you get to walk right up to the plane and board through the back, which allows for some great photo moments. We were a bit delayed boarding due to JetBlue bringing in a"
Another Great Flight on JetBlue,"We love flying on JetBlue. They have the most space in Economy out of all the American airlines, their staff is extremely friendly and courteous, and they realize that they have a great reputation with travelers. We flew the Saturday before Thanksgiving out of Boston and made"
Delayed both time!,"Plane was delayed both coming and going for hours, they did give a 75$ credit for 2 people! Big deal, spent that at the restaurant waiting. This happen on my last 2 flights as well, seem to becoming habbit. Staff was friendly but you dont see much of them. Jetblue has always"
Total Comfort,I had a great flight. The flight attendants are always friendly and polite. Flight was on time and we even landed early. Great to have these types of flights. I do believe they should provide better snack.s
time to upgrade planes,"when jetblue first came out they were known for all planes to have screens and unlimited snacks. 2019 is upon us and every airline offers that now and jetblue still has the tiny little screens, the phones are bigger then them they also have the remote on the arm rest which is"
Left a little late but made up time,JetBlue offers more space then many competitors (even in their cheapest seats) as well as free soft drinks and basic snacks. Has available WiFI and good in-seat entertainment console with many free channels and movies. Makes the flight go by much more quickly.
Excellent customer service,All flights we took on our journey to Punta Cana were excellent! Great customer service and quick boarding and exiting.
"Flight Left a Little Late Due to Weather, But Very Smooth Landing","Our flight boarded on time, but we were delayed in departure by the weather in the Boston area. We made up some of that time in flight. My wife was very impressed with how smooth the landing was and thanked the pilot on the way off the plane."
"Flight Left Late, But Made Up Some Time in Flight",The flight left about 45 minutes late due to the late arrival of the incoming flight. We made up some time in flight and landed about 15 minutes late. JetBlue did a good job of keeping us informed of the flight delay. They also gate checked a lot of carry on luggage which
1st time flight with JetBlue,Brilliant flight from LA to NYC. Upgraded for extra legroom on the 5+hr flight. Enjoyable experience throughout the whole trip.
Terrible service,"Staff is very rude. We were in our way to get married, had front seats with group A. We had a wedding party of 10 on the same plane. When tried to board was stopped by the attendant and told i had to wait for our turn even though they called group A. When finally explained that"
Seats were clean; TV screens in the back of the seat in front of you are great!,"I liked this airline & will fly it again. The seats were leather & therefore east to keep clean. The seat in front of you has a TV screen in it, and JetBlue has their own WiFi on board so you can watch TV or movies. Loved that."
Awesome flying experience!,"First time flying Jetblue and now I am a fan! I was a little wary about traveling with the family on Thanksgiving, but it was one of my best (coach) flying experiences. The boarding was well organized and the planes MUCH more roomy than my recent Southwest and American"
Excellent flight and wonderful employees,Excellent flight with comfortable seats and wonderful flight attendants. On time and smooth flying all the way.
Disappointed with JetBlue,We had chosen JetBlue bc we have flown with them many times previously. So we are aware of how the flight usually operates. You pay more for the flight but it usually hassle free. This is an international flight over 4 hours. We still had to pay for baggage. No alcohol or
Good times,The best airlinea excellent. Thank you Jennifer sara good job. A will can back any time. Well recommended to everyone flights 325 and 2426 thank you again
"Left on time, good leg room and snacks.","Very pleasant flight with good TV, better than average leg room, pleasant attendants and on time departure and arrival. What more could a traveler want? Price was competitive too."
One Loser Airline,My mother was scheduled to fly home yesterday (Sunday after Thanksgiving). The plane she was to fly was coming from West Palm Beach so no weather issues that were plaguing the Midwest. Flight was originally scheduled for 7:39PM. Kept delaying and delaying. The plane made it
Disappointed,"JetBlue was supposed to be a respected airline, but those days are gone. Now all their flights are delayed and they don’t even help you if you lose a connecting flight. On a round trip to Costa Rica both of my trips were delayed, and it was not a delay of an hour or two. The"
Excellent customer service!,"JetBlue has the absolute best customer service of all the domestic airlines. I seem to get delayed every time I fly, and this holiday was no different. But the customer service representatives kept the patrons consistently informed of the progress and were patient and helpful"
Best Way to Travel by Air,"Nonstop Flight from JFK airport in NYC to Orlando Intl in Florida. Airline was so great in treating our family, especially my Mother in Law who in in wheelchair and made sure she was taken care of on both ends of the flight, both to Florida and back to NY. By far the best"
Nightmare,"On November 10 2018 , flight 543 , we were delayed for 4 hours plus, as we waited around it was evident that Jetblue did not aknowledge the needs of the passengers, my husband and I struggle with medical conditions and very little was offer to all of us waiting around, specially"
missed work hours,"Flight was delayed for almost 3 hours, no reason or apologies given by airline. Very dissapointed and frustrated. I decided not to drive to Boston because of my back problems and ended up sitting and walking around for the same amount of hours plus missed half a day of work,"
"The Best Airline, Hands Down",We flew from Boston to San Francisco 2 weeks ago on the first flight of the day. We landed about 30 minutes early which was awesome. The flight itself was very full but the seats were comfortable and the overhead held our carry-on luggage without any issue. The service was
Jet Blue Mint,For a nonstop Bosotn to Seattle (or San Francsico or LA) this is the way to go. Terrific value. Comfort and great food!
FLIGHT FROM HELL,Flight time was 335am departure on a straight flight. We arrived at the airport at 1am. Flight was delayed until 7am. At 7am the flight became a connecting flight to Fort Lauderdale. There was no communication from JetBlue. No one told us why the flight was delayed. When we
My go to airline,As always great flight. Checked in online. Bag drop was quick. Staff was friendly. Boarded on time left on time. Arrived early. Love movie selection makes for quick flight. Bag came quickly at Logan
JetBlue is the best !!,Once again JetBlue proved to be the best airline I have ever flown. I need wheelchair assistance and they are always right there to assist. In fact my last flight to Boston from Punta Cana November 10th There was a problem with a wheelchair being at the ramp. The person at the
A perfect flight where everything fell into pefect place,Expected mediocre service. We were so wrong. Perfect flight; on-time; smiling pleasant cabin crew. Wonderful
Won't fly anyone else.......,"Love this airline!!! Professional and helpful flight attendants. Awesome flight, unless they don't fly there, I'll fly no one else!"
Thanksgiving flight,"On time, comfortable, staff have great service and are very helpful and friendly. It's the only company I fly."
Best Yet!!!!,"If you want anything more in economy, charter a private plane. Full cans of drinks, two bags of snacks. Courteous service, what more can you ask for?"
Super-Friendly Flight Attendants and Cool Amenities,"This was my first experience with JetBlue, so I did not know what to expect. As it turned out, I had a very pleasant experience from the smooth check-in to the timely arrival to my final destination. During the hour and forty-five minute flight, there was entertainment, wifi,"
Honeymoon trip,Amazing service!!!!!!! We had the best customer service from the man who checked in our baggage! We had a mistype in name which is actually a really big deal and requires calling many people to fix. We were at the desk for an hour and a half while Darrell worked incredibly hard
Exquisite Mint Experience,"Omg!!!!!! This was the best flying experience ever!!!!! I recommend anyone that has the opportunity to travel Mint; do so. You definitely won't be disappointed. The service was exceptional. The meal, to the accommodations was spectacular. I must do it again. The flight"
All inclusive package,We booked an all inclusive deal through JetBlue. Overall this was a good deal considering it was our flight to and from along with the all inclusive Riu resort. JetBlue provides free soda / water drinks and a snack on their flights and we did not feel nickle and dimed to death
going to a wedding,"the staff weren't the friendliest, but the flight was outstanding. didn't realize how much legroom there really is on those jet blue flights. the seats weren't the best for comfort, but with adjustable headrests, and angled tv monitors and nice side to side room helped"
Always a great experience,I always have a good experience with JetBlue even when things dont go as planned and there are delays. Keep on doing the good work!
Fairly good for the price,"Good space between sears and leg room; good storage, for carry on luggage, kind educated crew. Fast pilot."
Another good round trip on Jet Blue- LGB to JFK,"Two years later from my first review of these very same flights, made another trip to NY. I have to say we got the same great service and it was still the most convenient and economical way to get to and from the LA area to the NY area. Glad to see some things don't change"
Delayed departure but still great airline and staff.,"Jetblue is still the best airline out there but they were just off on Nov 12th. JetBlue Flight #1142 Nov 12,2018 West Palm Beach, FL (PBI) to Hartford, CT (BDL) Original departure time: 11:22 AM Updated departure time: 1:04 PM"
Best Airline...,"I think that Jet Blue is the best airline that I’ve flown. They have always been on time and affordable if you purchase in advance. They do NOT overbook. Hope, someday, that they fly to Europe. Thank you JetBlue!"
delays,The typical delay outside light not working could not fly without it.After an hour we had to leave the plane.It could not be fixed.Another plane was being sent from NYC. this took approx. 2 hrs. IT WAS 31/2 HRS. to board the plane.JET BLUEshould have offered us something at
internal flight in USA. on time and efficient,On time efficient and good staff. drinks and snacks complimentary reasonable leg room. they took my hand luggage into the hold and there was no wait at the destination.
Carry on,"Just dropped my aunt to JFK airport, she had a purse, bookbag, and a small rolling luggage. She was told one item must be paid for when all three were small to fit in the overhead, or two under her seat. This rule/policy JetBlue has doesn't make any sense! Picture this, bookbag"
$225 in change fees per ticket X 4 tix even with Medical Notes!,"I actually could not believe it. I booked tickets in June for our niece, her two little ones and her husband to visit us in Boston for Thanksgiving. In the last 48 hours her two year old fell at his preschool and sliced his ear open requiring multiple layers of stitches and"
"Roomy, no-frills airline","The whole experience from buying the tickets to checking in to actually taking the flight was a breeze. I was also very happy with the amount of legroom, the in-flight entertainment, and the snacks.as a matter of fact, the snacks on JetBlue are far superior to those snacks on"
Preferred airline,"If I can find a good affordable flight, I usually try and fly JetBlue. We did a round trip flight and both flights were comfortable. We boarded and arrived on time, no delays, and I enjoy being able to have tv access to keep me occupied"
Cancellations common - and they'll leave you hanging.,Our most recent JetBlue flight was cancelled because the flight crew's shift time had run out. JetBlue offered us a new flight home 2 days later but wouldn't pay for a hotel or anything in the mean time. Apparently we were supposed to sit on the airport floor for 2 days waiting.
No pillow or blanket,"Had to buy the pillow or blanket, the pillow was worthless,. And expensive... Bring your own head phones , they charge for headphones,. . I did like that there was screens at each seat... The Stewart was not friendly."
Flight to Barbados,"My husband and I traveled to Barbados for our wedding anniversary. During our travels together over the years, we've always used American Airlines so we thought we'd give JetBlue a try - I always flew JetBlue on family vacations growing up and always had a great experience. It"
Holidays in Jamaica,"comfortable, good leg room, good inflight entertainment, friendly helpful hosts and hostesses, no problems with baggage"
Beautiful and sunny weekend in FL,"We love Jet blue , they have a friendly staff , on time Very clean . The only bad thing was the waiting on line for almost 25 mins to take off and no WiFi  Coming back was great n super quiet . We got back 20 mins earlier . Can’t wait to go back to a nice and warm weather ."
Use to Love Jetblue,"We used to fly JetBlue extensively, but haven’t in the past two years. We have chosen to fly other airlines ( Southwest, Delta, American) They had a great price for flying, every traveler “has” their own monitor, and their customer service used to be top notch. Our recent"
Shark,Last August I bought a JetBlue one way flight from Traverse City-NYC which cost about $300 dollars. But I had to change to another flight. The agent I spoke on the phone told me not to worry: I could use these $300 dollars as credits for future purchase. However when I tried
"Smooth,easy on time!","easy all the way from start to finish. Efficient check in, good boarding, good service in flight. and easy baggage."
Such a nice crew,Perfect flight. Wonderful captain. He came out to chat before we flew. James was his name. There was a somewhat drunk fellow that got on. He quietly dealt with him. Tom was our steward. Great also!
Something new (?) atthe JFK terminal,"As always, the flight was fine. Service on board was the normal 'very good' level. One new thing seems to have been added at the terminal. Upon entering, we noticed several people waiting with wheelchairs. I know this service can be prearranged and thought that was all it was."
Never failed,Never had an issue I’m always flying JetBlue. Made the mistake of flying Delta and their staff has a nasty attitude. Just waiting to use my points!
outstanding,Jetblue is my airline of choice good leg room clean plane flight staff friendly and professional and seemed to enjoy there job great flight
"Excellent as a domestic airline, but I'm avoiding international flights on this one!","I've flown with JetBlue before. I love that we still get a carry on bag, and that WiFi AND JetBlue TV is FREE. You don't ever hear of that. Plus, when they give refreshments, they give you the entire can (unlike some other airlines that just poured your drink into those small"
Nightmare on Flight 8,"It was like the twilight zone episode with William Shatner, I had a fellow passenger in the middle seat who seemed intoxicated or under the influence leaning on me and changing the channel on the armrest for four hours while he chewed tobacco and spit it out in a water bottle"
What are you waiting for! Jetblue mint was amazing! Truly a wonderful surprise,"The individual pod was just as amazing as any international flight. I travel a lot to NYC and Boston ... and I always fly American first class (which I am STILL an American fan!) but was completely blown away by JetBlue Mint! Food was great - staff was amazing and not fake! "
"Very friendly employees, a very pleasant flight to Ft. Lauderdale",This is a very friendly group of people from the ticket and gate employees to the attendants. It is a pleasure flying JetBlue.
On time,"Flight was on time, value priced. The plane was clean, and the service good. Flight attendants were friendly."
This is such a lovely airline,"This really is such a lovely airline to fly, unfortunately we only manage to fly with JetBlue on 4 or 5 times a year, just wish we had on time, great service with European airlines. JetBlue keep up the good work."
JetBlue has slipped,I have been flying JetBlue to and from Boston since Delta cancelled their non stop flights.This flight was just an extension of the quality slippage. The WiFi did not work The waiting area was small and cramped and there is a restaurant nearby that was so Smokey that the smoke
Disappointed with our favorite airline,Jet Blue has been our preferred airline over the years but this time we were very disappointed during our departure for Jamaica. First the flight was delayed over an hour in Boston due to the co-captain being tied up in traffic getting to the airport and we almost missed our
"Friendly staff, but flight amenities average at best","My previous experiences flying JetBlue were generally positive, as flights were reasonably on time and flight attendants were friendly and accommodating. On my most recent flight, I paid more for their version of an extra comfort seat (""Even More Space""), which probably isn't"
ONLY AIRLINE TO TRAVEL,"Best airline to fly. I only fly JetBlue. I recently traveled to St. Lucia, a few times, lol, and the flight and crew were just amazing. NY based crew, very nice and accommodating. Lisa, the flight attendant remembered me and could not have been sweeter. Return flight,"
Baggage,Destroyed both are brand new heavy duty luggage. Looks to me like they try to damage it. I don’t even try to report it because we all know what you have to go through. Never again jetblue
Generally the airlines we fly,JetBlue is always very accommodating. We actually had an 8:15PM flight but arrived to the airport several hours before. They were kind enough to fit us on the 4:15 flight so we didn't have to wait around the airport for hours which actually got us home much earlier as well. We
On time both ways-efficient baggage pickup,"Both ends of round trip left on time. Planes were clean, staff courteous snacks & drinks served on short (2-1/2hr) flights. Boarding passes able to be printed 24hrs before flight. .Jetblue is a cut above most other airlines and I choose them whenever possible."
Travel to San Francisco,I travel often from Boston to San Francisco and Jet Blue makes this trip easy to book and easy to select a good time for me to fly. Getting a Jet Blue crédit card was a no brainer and now I use my Jet Blue points to spend time with my California family.
Just drive...it's fast and saves you money!,"Completely terrible. First time flying jetBlue. On Friday, my son and I were flying from CLT to Buffalo. We were supposed to arrive at 1:50pm. 1st flight was delayed so we missed out connecting flight. Stood in line for a hour to get scheduled on the next flight. The next"
This is my worse trip ever!!!,This nightmare is still going for me. I'm at lobby of raddison jfk hotel where I'm waiting for some paperwork to be done for the last almost 2 hours. Now it's 3 am. I should be in Belgrade by this time. Let me start from the beginning. Flight supposed to take off at 11.50am Sat
The worst airline ever,My family suppost to flight at 7pm and every 1 hour they keep changing the time now to 10 pm these is ridiculous.jet blue have nothing to offer to theyr customers they treat you like garbage.but if you 10 minutes late they cancel your flight and you have to pay.but it's ok when
6 day trip to Medellin Colombia,"Great flights. More legroom in coach than with other airlines. Good entertainment, drinks and snack service was great. This was my first time flying JetBlue. Loved it. Can’t wait to use them again to Colombia or Boston or nyc from RDU Past platinum membership on"
Disapointed,"I was totally caught off guard when my flight on 11/07 experienced a 90 minute delay. This was the first delay I had on JB and was disappointed they didn't offer some type of compensation. It is very expensive to travel to SW Florid and this delay cut into my vacation. "
Comfortable seat and nice crew,I had the opportunity to flight in economy but with extra space. You able to board after the people with assistance. Me as a cabin crew member for another Carrier I always bring chocolate to the crew . We really like the attention. I recomend that everytime you flight with any
Great Airline,"I live in Miami,I took Jetblue in emergency to Lima, when I learned my mom was grave ill in the hospital, I thought she would recover, but unfortunately she passed. I called the airline and told them i was going to stay more days, advising them about my mom'passing, they"
worst ever check in experience,avoid flying jetblue from NY -having had a fine experience on way up from barbados to NY -good legroom at front and good onboard entertainment system the return trip was a nightmare one part was snow disruption-not their fault -but the check in process if the kiosk doesn’t
Disappointed,This was our first JetBlue experience and our last. We like to do park and fly. I verified our flight information before driving to the airport. We checked into the hotel. Got settled and I checked again right before we went to sleep and found out our flight to Fort Lauderdale
Absolutely ridiculous airline,"This is my first and last time using Jet Blue Airlines. Today I had a 6.30 am flight to catch with my infant son. Flight duration 2.5hrs. After boarding on time and about to take off, they pilot announced there was an issue with a valve. We ended up deplaning and they said the"
Great with peanut allergy!,"Our daughter has a peanut allergy. JetBlue doesn’t serve peanuts on their flights, and they made sure everyone around us was informed of the allergy and asked them not to eat anything that contained nuts. They allowed us to board early to wipe down area of her seat. This helped"
Bumpy Flight,"Overall Jetblue does a good job but this was a very uncomfortable flight. The whole way was turbulence though the pilots did keep trying to make it better. The flights attendants were struggling and got very grumpy. Understandable but it did not make it any better. Lastly, they"
Great flight,The staff was super friendly and helpfull. The legroom was ample and the bathroom kept clean. The inflight entertainment console had a great selection. Checking into this flight was easy online and once at airport I printed my luggage tags and dropped my suitcases. I found
Comfortable Cabin,"This was my first time flying JetBlue. We started with a 2 hour delay due to the previous day's snow storm in North America. Then the check-in service seemed slow at the counter, even for those of us who checked in online and only had to do a bag drop. When we finally got on"
Always Blue..,My airline for travel..ready made sandwichs and salads for purchase on longer flights was helpful..snacks and drinks are always plentiful..use your jetblue credit card and get 50% discount on purchases..
Very good legroom and comfortable seating,"The service from Orlando to Mexico City was very pleasant. The gate crew, the cabin crew, and the larger then expected legroom made for a very nice business flight. I would most definitely consider Jet Blue again if the service met my destination needs."
Close the gate!!,"Over an hour and a half delay for a group of kids who were late to the airport. I'm not heartless, so I understand waiting on group of 35 kids. I still feel bad for the people who were missing connecting flights, especially the international ones, though. The person who made"
No complaints. American domestic airline with largest legroom,Quite expected as an American domestic airline. Largest legroom of the American domestic airlines. We have flown jetBlue before and will fly again with them.
8 hour delay and we were given chips. Wow,"One of the worst flying experiences ever. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 5 pm and left at 1:30 am. I luckily got on a flight from Southwest at 8:30 pm. Because of this smart and expensive decision, I was only given $100 as credit. Unbelievable. Never again JetBlue. "
Can't beat price and service,"There is only one class of service with JetBlue and they're all great. The seats are nice leather with the headbacks you can tilt in to support your head. Free wifi, free movies, free direct tv, free snacks. They also have some meatier snacks for sale. And at JFK they have their"
Home for Thanksgiving,"Not too happy, the plane coming in was running late & then they had to unload 8 wheelchairs & clean it- so we got on 40 minutes later than promised. If they know they have a lot of wheelchairs couldn't they adjust the time they say they'll leave? Also, Mosaic gets called first &"
Mr Ron,"Excellent flight, smooth landing, pilot handling of turbulence was excellent. Service on plane excellent. Most xtra leg room in the business. Plane was not full in the xtra leg room category. Wish there more direct flights from ft Myers."
Reliable and Reasonable,"I've almost exclusively have flown with JetBlue, they are reliable, reasonable in price, and for the most part, yes even in New York, depart on time. The plane is clean, reasonably spaced, and the flight attendants are friendly and easy to access. I am always surprised with"
Leg room was excelent. In time and good service.,"Excellent leg room, nice space, fast service, monitors behind each seat. Great staff. Left on time and the flying was smooth. Good service for wheel chairs (I needed one)."
Typical flight,"We flew Jetblue from SLC to Aruba in oct. 2018. It was a typical flight, nothing amazing happened. Our flight attendants seemed tired. No delays until our trip home. Overall I like flying Jetblue."
Good leg room and experience,Very nice flight and airline. Significantly better leg room compared to many other airlines. On time and no hassle for bag dimensions etc. Would take Jetblue any day for the right price.
Amazing experience,"From the quick and easy check in at Logan, to the early arrival in Tampa, this flight was flawless.Smooth, comfortable, and quiet: all good things in a sold out flight. This was my second flight with Jet blue, but not the last."
NEVER BOOK WITH JETBLUE,So I left the other day to leave LAX for a connection flight. We were supposed to leave at 12:40 but it got delayed due to weather. I get it’s for our safety. Our final destination was Turks and Caicos but we were running to the gate and it was pulling away when we got there. If
Better than expected,"Flight was delayed, not sure why, but other than that, i was happy with it. TV's on the seat backs was a nice touch. Good leg room, only two seats instead of cramming in three people in a row. I'd use them again as long as they don't have a history of delayed flights."
Reasonable and Dependable,"I travel to Florida from NY pretty regularly to see family. In the past, I’ve used Southwest. However, I’ve found that ticket prices on this airline have become very expensive. In addition, the process for seat assignment often results in being assigned a middle seat, unless you"
It's not worth flying JetBlue even though they can be cheaper,Currently at JFK airport after waiting 8 hours only to be told they're searching for a captain for our flight. Dozens of passengers called JetBlue and no one seems to know what's going on. I thought they had up their game but apparently they didn't. I will not be traveling
"Bad start, but they redeemed themselves","JetBlue We (Party of 4) used Jetblue for the first time this November to celebrate our 30-year wedding anniversary in New York, travelling from Aruba. We normally fly with American Airlines due to our Miles Savings Plan, but we wanted a direct non-stop flight. AA does not offer"
JetBlue flight,"Excellent service, free movies on flight, lots of snacks. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. Seats were comfortable and there was enough leg room."
My last flight to Aruba!,"I really enjoy flying on JetBlue. Great service, good movies, lots of snacks! I have use JetBlue for all of my travel 2015! Additionally this airline seems to get to Aruba faster than any other airline I have used for travel to Aruba."
JetBlue blues,"BEWARE OF JETBLUE POLICIES! I just returned from a 7 day fishing trip to Jaco, Cost Rico. The trip was fantastic, fishing was great! It wasnt until I got to the checkin counter that the young man advised me that JetBlue no longer allows fish to be transported on their planes. It"
Punta Cana,The flight was good. 3 out of 4 flights were on time and the 4th was only slightly delayed. Was kind of bummed because our original flight was canceled and had to leave the next day costing family & me a day of vacation :/
"Plane was late (due to snow), usually there are staff to direct you to the next flight especially when running late. Fou","Plane was late (due to snow), usually there are staff to direct you to the next flight especially when running late. Found my next flight and signs says it was boarding I ran to get on and they told me I couldn't get on. Then I had to go get a new flight middle seat. Not happy"
Flawless Flight,"Anytime I travel I try to with JetBlue simply because they make it easy. I like the fact that your not cramped, you have a television of your own and the flight attendants are for the most part pretty attentive. I was disappointed when they started charging for checked bags but"
hassle-free loading & ontime,nice smooth flight...left on time & arrived slightly ahead of schedule. helpful flight attendants & quick loading/deplaning given a full flight.
Best way to Fly,"Very comfortable, lots of leg room, & clean. Lots of free snacks & drinks. Great customer service. We really Enjoyed our flight."
barbados,"fine. Uneventful. Smooth. On time. The only negative was the long lines for Customs in Barbados and at Logan airport when we arrived back home. Not the airline's fault, but it was frustrating, because there were not enough employees at customs at Logan. Many international"
Avoid Jet Blue horrible flights,Today 11/15/18 my flight to JFK from LAX should take off at 10:20 am and when I was in the Uber i got an email saying there’s a delay and the departure will be at 12:20 so I stopped to avoid waiting 4 hours in the airport. Suddenly st 10:00 am I got another email saying the
Surprisingly On Time,"Flight was on time both ways. No complaints about punctuality or staff, everything was easy. I didn't have any issues, so not much to say. Crew and captain did their jobs."
Great Airline,"My husband, son and I flew to JFK with JetBlue and were extremely happy with the airline. The staff were courteous and the whole experience was a pleasant one! We will be flying with JetBlue again!"
Jetblue,"Worst company, i was the whole day in the airport just becuase ""bad weather' never again i rather choose another airline"
The system doesn't work,"JetBlue used to board from the back to the front. Maybe that worked, maybe not. All I know is whatever they do now doesn't work. I paid extra for a front row seat with priority boarding. I was at the gate almost two hours before boarding began. First they harangued people to"
Another Happy Trip to Fort Myers,"love flying JetBlue. never have a problem Do this trip at least 2-3 times a year due to a knee problem, for the first time i purchased the extra leg room which was very helpful."
Large Jet with inflight entertainment,"I had a pleasant flight from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore. Although the flight was full the staff was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the flight entertainment from a small screen on the back of the seat in front of me. Also, the leg room was good. Clean aircraft. The flight"
Sadly disappointed,"Normally I rave about JetBlue but I was disappointed with this flight. None of the flight attendants smiled, were friendly or really even made eye contact on this flight, which is usually the opposite of how they act. When I smile I expect a smile in return especially from"
Always true to JetBlue!,I travel to the NYC area often and rarely fly any other airline other than Jet Blue. Their pricing is fair and most importantly their timeliness of departures and arrivals is excellent. The airline staff on the ground and on the flight is always friendly and accommodating. Jet
1st Trip on JetBlue,"The flight was great; seats were spacious, leg room was ample, service was fast and efficient, and all those factors seem to help 'shorten' the 5 hrs. in the air. It was all very pleasant. On the other hand, the check-in wasn't nearly what it should have been. The kiosks"
Pleasant airline!,"Second roundtrip on JetBlue and enjoyed it very much! Seems like more legroom than Delta, and very generous with the snacks :) Will fly with JetBlue again!"
JetBlue service,"Quick flight. Friendly and attentive staff, plane was clean, satisfactory leg room although you can purchase more leg room seats. Good variety of free snacks and drinks."
#jetblue stopping flight to Daytona Beach,#jetblue ending service from JFK to Daytona Beach !!! Say it ain’t so !!! #jetblue has awesome service to Daytona from JFK !!! Keep it going !!!
They make it easy,"The non-stop from HPN to RSW is so easy and dare I say enjoyable. I take this flight quite a bit and have never had a problem (no delays, cancelations, bumps, etc). Between the lovely service, WiFi and in flight entertainment you barely notice it's a 2 hour plus flight!"
Great service.. keep it up!,Boarding procedure was fast Flyfi and entertainment was available Snacks and drinks as well as attendants service was pleasant Will definitely fly again with them.. happy Filipino passenger
Very Impressed!,"This was my first flight on Jet Blue airlines. I was very impressed with there on time departures/arrivals, increased leg room and tasty snacks. Airline associates were very friendly and strives to make your flight enjoyable. Free WiFi was a plus. I'll be back!!"
Great international Service,"Jet Blue has great service! While it was only a short flight the entertainment and snacks and beverages provided were fantastic! IF you do go internationally make sure to take a pen, the flight does not provide this and it is needed to fill out custom forms."
Great Flight Experience Flying Jet Blue,"I have traveled with most major airlines both for business and leisure over 30 times in the last few years. I have enjoyed the on time arrival and departure, courtesy and knowledge of ✈️ staff, as well as, customer service while flying with Jet Blue. The value for the great"
We made it!,Our flights going and coming were on time. The staff was attentive and kind towards my children. The pilots thanked us assured us we were in good hands.
Love JETBLUE,We had the best experience on Jet Blue especially with the extra leg room seats!! They offer direct TV and movies along with free snacks and drinks! The plane was also very clean.
Awesome Airline,"I always look to see if JetBlue flights are available first. They never disappoint. The staff and crew are always fantastic.We purchased the more space seats only because my husband wanted to be in the first row. Even without that purchase, the legroom is great unless you are"
Love JetBlue,The flight to Fort Lauderdale was delayed due to Hydraulic fluid levels being low we took off an hour late but landed only 30 mins late so the pilot was able to make up some time. All staff was very nice and helpful. Now the return flight there was some issues with passengers
Why I Choose JetBlue,I love JetBlue. When ever I need to fly I check JetBlue to see if the go there. If they don't I'm disappointed. The price is right. Upgrading to extra leg room is great BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO! Regular seats have plenty of room. I LOVE the individual TV's at each seat plus the
JelBlue Airlines,"We recently flew JetBlue from Boston to Las Vegas and a week later, flew back to Boston. Our seats were the extra leg room seats, row 6 going to Las Vegas and row 2 going back to Boston. It was a very comfortable flight in both directions. I would highly recommend flying"
Top Notch Customer Service,"As usual the flight was great, comfortable seats, great flight attendants (very friendly), clean airplane and there gate area and restrooms are always spotless. Food vendors motto great, mostly fast foods. Will fly again"
Plesant 4 hour flight tpo my second home in Aruba,All flights that I have been on have left on time and arrive at the schedule time of arrival time. The tickeyt agents are very pleasant and always there to support uyour requests.
Horrible boarding process and rude employees,When attempting to board a connecting flight with my wife and 2 traveling companions I was very rudely informed by the boarding agent my ticket was for the wrong date. The agent took the ticket and refused to return it to me. The ticket was purchased with my wife's and had the
Some good some bad!,A bit more leg room then say Southwest. Assigned seats that you can change online if you want. (worked some times). Extra leg room seating that you can pay for. It was $75 a ticket for this 3 1/2 hr flight. We used it one way. Probably would not waste the money again. In
Jet Blue - Great Experience!,"Jet Blue has it together! Compared to a recent United flight, the crew was welcoming and communicated well and enjoyed being part of a team. They were attentive and the flight went well! Of course, in flight wi-fi was awesome."
Comfortable,Comfortable flight. Good for connections with international airlines. This allowing to gain miles on international programs. Staff was cordial. In flight entertainment was ok. Flight was on time. Smooth check in
No problem flight,"Flight left on time even though there was rough weather in NY. We got to the airport early , as recommended , then wandered around until it was time to leave. However, something that I had not encountered before. We went through US customs while we were still in Aruba. Never saw"
Great flight!,We had a great flight from Washington DC Jacksonville Florida. The schedule was on time. The flight crew and their service were excellent!
Roomy seats,I was pleasantly surprised by the bigger seating and FREE snacks on my flight. Also you can watch Amazon Prime . Bonus !
Destination wedding,My future husband and I are true blue members and JetBlue card holders. Horrible customer service was completely unexpected when we border the plan and the attendant refused to hang my dress. Not only did he refuse to do so but he did not provide any alternative options. He
"Love JetBlue, always my first choice to fly on.","Other than my tv/entertainment svreen not working, the flight was great. Great service, on time, ample legroom."
Lost my flight,"I’m very frustrated about lost my flight from Mexico to New York never happened before.I always tried to get on time unfortunately the JetBlue blue crew not every one (I hope) JetBlue Mexico. Has no flexibility when some one has a emergency very, uncomfortable ,unprofessional"
They try to make things right,I had totravel during the worst storm last year. The plane was cancelled so they paid for a bus to drive all of the passengers to Boston. They provided us with food and drinks because it was a very long day. They could not have been nicer or more accomodating.
The only way to go to FtMyers,"We have a condo in FtMyers ad prior to owning we rented there for about 15 years.JBlue has great flight selection The aircraft is always clean , crew hardworking and friendly. We have paid extra for the extra leg room seats they are always on time. Get the free JBlue card to"
"4hr delay, no compensation or apology","Flight has been delayed at least 4hrs. Customer service at the airport said it was a maintenance issue. This is not the first time I've been on a jetblue flight that has been delayed for ""maintenance"". Called Jetblue customer service and they told me that I could either wait or"
Love JetBlue!,"Love flying JetBlue! We've done the Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale flight twice now and both times were excellent! Flights left on time and the crew were friendly. Love the free snacks and drinks and the free tv is really appreciated, other airlines seem to make you download apps"
Chicago to San Juan!,We were traveling from Chicago to St.Croix. This meant a 6 hour flight from Chicago to San Juan Puerto Rico. We paid $100.00 ($50 a piece) for the “extra room” seats which were well worth the purchase to be able to spread out. We had a stop off in Ft. Lauderdale but was not made
JetBlue team is awesome!,"It's my pleasure to write a review about the wonderful flight attendant on my recent JetBlue flight. His name is Ness. Here are adjectives I would use to describe him: professional, friendly, great sense of humor, efficient, personable and very customer-centric focused. I don't"
DO NOT BUNDLE A CAR RENTAL WITH AIR TRAVEL,"Our flight was fine. Landed timely, got our luggage swiftly and headed to pick up our rental car. 8 rental car companies here and only the one that JetBlue uses to bundle travel has (no joke) at least 70 people in line. And they have only TWO reps at the counter for all these"
Very nice flights,"We had a very good experience with JetBlue. On the way to Punta Cana, the flights were on time. Nice, smooth flights. On the way back to Buffalo, the weather was not cooperative. The descent was bumpy, but the crew did an amazing job. My husband is tall. He was crowded. We"
Love Jetblue,Always fly Jetblue. The plane is always clean and the flight attendants were always great. Jetblue has always been a great airlines and we will keep using them.
My Go-To Airline,"I’ve traveled with this airline quite a few times, and have never had any types of disturbances in regards to customers on board the aircraft. Pretty much organized with boarding policies, I love how their are TV’s, you must provide your own headset... snacks & drinks are"
No as good as past,"So I always thought Jet Blue was better than others however it seems they have declined in quality. Now running out of advertised drinks and food, TV often not working...airline personnel lacking friendly attitudes....what happened????"
"Free and fast Internet, great service","It was very good flight. Easy check in, short TSA line, convenient chairs, free and fast internet, good selection of movies."
Disorganized,"I learned all about taping out and timing out. The flight was delayed several time then cancelled -- but then not cancelled- then delayed again. Went through security 3 times. Missed connection and had to cancel trip. The girl at counter was trying her best, but no"
Flight was on time and landed early,"The staff at Providenciales Airport were pleasant, courteous and attentive and eager to assist. There were no long lines. I was immediately assisted and my bag checked. We boarded on time and left on time. We somehow landed an hour early which was great. The flight was"
Will use again.,Great flight. On time. Good leg room in economy. We did have a long wait because of limited number of flights for our route.
Interesting Service Approach,"Comfy seats--even in the middle. Enough leg room. But the attendants made only one pass through the cabin on a coast-to-coast morning flight, inviting people who wanted anything to use a kiosk set up mid-plane to get anything else one might want. Reinforces that one should"
THE BEST AIRLINE COAST TO COAST,"I enjoy flying jetBlue coast to coast. The JFK airport is tops, the food on the flight is edible and reasonably priced, the seats in Economy are comfortable."
One of the BEST airlines around,"I usually fly Southwest, United, or American but my older sister told me about JetBlue so I have tried them a few times. This airline is so underrated. This particular flight was AMAZING. They boarded ON TIME. They had super friendly flight attendents. We pulled off ON TIME; and"
Great flight.,I love jet blue. They have great leg room very spacious. They have a great selection of snacks and drinks and really cater to you. You can watch free movies and TV while flying which makes the time go by quickly. I would highly recommend this airline you won't regret it.
Flying to get on a cruise boat,Best flight ever !! The captain spoke to the passengers before take off and introduced all crew members. The captain kept us up to date on any changes in weather. Upon landing the captain personally thanked each passenger for flying as he was outside the cockpit to see each
Rip-off!!!,Was asked to pay $30 to get a window seat!! Seriously??? Rude staff at Gate# 10 at MBJ. Will try a different airline next time.
Why jetBlue,"This could have been a disaster, We were informed that due to a hard landing our aircraft needed to be delayed for an hour. An hour later the baggage was taken off the plane and we were told that a new crew had to be located. After collecting our bags I received a text that a"
Great service and even arrived early,Jetblue is my favorite airlines especially when it's a direct flight to where I am flying. The service you get from when you are boarding the to when you land is great. One of the biggest benefits is the fact that you can watch TV and they even have movies you can watch on the
Friendly skies,"Flew on Jetblue for the first time . It seems that every employee was extremely nice . It felt like the seats had more room than other airlines. When exiting the plane , the pilot came out to say hello to everyone. Will definitely fly them again . Just wish they had more"
Even More Space Seats Good; Service Average,"The Even More Space seats are a very good value. You get a lot more space than the extra leg-room seats on Delta, American, United or Alaska. While the hard product is good, the food available for sale and the in-flight entertainment are not (although the free wifi, when it is"
JetBlue,Just got back from a vacation to Guanacaste Costa Rica. We used Jetblue out of JFK as it offered direct flight to LIR. Jetblue provide good service and both our flights left on time.
Disappointed,JetBlue used to have better service and friendlier flight attendants. It’s bevome another job to them and in no way about providing a good customer service experience.
Smooth flying,"The flight left on time and arrived a bit early, so clearly the best aspect. Not a lot of overhead space, being a Regional, but managed. Beverage and snack service were fine. The only area of improvement would be the in-flight entertainment system. Had difficulties each leg -"
Awesome,Flying with the best airlines. Great service and easy to book everything you need. They have tons of snacks and the tv with your amazon prime account made it easy to watch my movies.
Leisure,"I like flying with jet blue, they are usually on time rarely delayed, I have never lost a bag with them and their ticket prices are usually one of the best in the market however the attendants could be a little more friendly."
Flying with a cold...:(,"Very average flight. A few bumps here and there. It was a red-eye flight so hours were terrible. Made it to FLL by 4:30 am!! Make sure you eat prior to the flight, again no food on the plane and the picking for restaurants are very slim and expensive at the airport. Plane"
Just a normal OK flight,This was a routine flight and there were no issues with it or my experience. I did appreciate the waiting area at Logan Airport with its various seating areas.
another great flight Jet Blue to Aruba,"JetBlue flight to Aruba from Boston is always great, we fly twice a year to Aruba and always book with JetBlue. The fight attendants on these flights seem to be the same crew and they are awesome, friendly, etc. I highly recommend using JetBlue for any trip you have planned!"
Worst experience of my life..,Terrible! Never again! Worst experience of my life. Missed my international plane because of them and their plane that was LATE and had to pay a loooot of money.. For one student that was very hard..
Very pleasant,Jet seems to have a good record. They are pretty much on time. They are generous with the snacks. The seats are comfortable.
they should keep their standards and not follow Spirit,Jet Blue is one of the best airlines. For the most part you get great service and comfortable seating on the trip. However nothing is perfect and you get the employee who complains about another employee and you can hear everything. Which usually creates an attitude that spills
Jet blue,"I personally have never have a bad experience flying with them. For me the crew is always nice and yes i hate the fact that they give no food on the flights and now not enough blankets or pillow. you have to now pay for the head phones, no thank you for what i pay already to"
Boarding Pass,"I just had round trip from Atlanta to New York. My flight to New York was ok. Flight attendants were friendly was my seat # was 24, so I was just front of their room, and they were a little noisy. They kept talking loud and joking each other. Even they joke each other with"
Great Trip With Jetblue,The Jetblue flight to Barbados was comfortable and without incident. Snacks were great and the inflight movies were entertaining. The return flight to JFK arrived quite early. A great flight.
Best airline,"I've been flying Jetblue for many years.I fly back and forth from Florida to Costa Rica several times a year,and also use for domestic,to New York.Its easy to get free flights from flying back and forth,and also from combining family members on one account.ALso,Jet Blue has the"
"Great airline, great service",I really was happy to get a direct flight coast to coast! The seats are comfortable and the coffee is great (Dunkin). All staff are helpful and friendly.
Pleasant,The flights to and from were great! A small plane but more leg room than other airlines on larger planes. AND we got a drink. snack and screen TV. The staff were professionals. Look forward to next flight with them.
Continues to be excellent.,This is my favorite domestic airline to travel. Their service is very attentive and high quality. Airplanes are kept very clean. Still offers free refreshments and snacks. On some flights (I think the ones designated as mint) you can help yourself to drinks and snacks at an area
pleasant experience,"Friendly, efficient, and attentive flight staff along with customer service personal. Flight was uneventful and arrivals were ahead of schedule. Flight meals were above average for airline food and the onboard media was excellent. Can't fault the airline for the aircraft"
Good flight,Flight was good and comfortable as much as a flight can be was in row 15 aisle seat. Service on flight was as expected. I prefer JetBlue and Delta. I like having individual monitors. There were lots to watch however selection will vary on ones individual likes some may find it
Still my favorite airline,"Hands down, the best in the air. Still the best seats, entertainment and some flights (like this one) have USB charging ports at your seat. The crew is always really nice. I still love being pampered with coffee and snacks. There is always a good selection. Their prices just"
planes are junk,"delays and more delays, maintence issues this was my go to airline but not any longer the aircraft fleet is dated and as a customer I don't want to suffer for their problems."
Always a favorite but new boarding is terrible.,"We flew to Tampa from White Plains. No seats in the terminal.....nothing new there. When we went to board there was a lot of confusion from passengers besides us. Jet Blue's new policy is to board all window seats first, then all the aisle seats. We did not realize we had"
I love this airline- I wish they had more direct flights to places from Providence ....,I love this airline flight was great and wish they had more flights out of TF Green- my only complaint about the flight was that the people in the row across from us were allowed to let their dog roam jump on seats and not be in a carrier- actually the dog would not have fit in
Pleasantly Surprised!,First time flying Jetblue. One of the best flights we have had in a long time. We were prepared for all the discomfort of flying on a discount airline but were pleasantly surprised! The seats were fairly roomy and comfortable. The flight personnel were very pleasant and helpful.
Great experience,"I love flying with Jetblue as much as I love Southwest. Jetblue crew are friendly, flight departs on time, has free WiFi and the inflight service includes complimentary hot and cold beverages. My only complaint is that the seat back entertainment system wasn't working."
It's the little things,"My first experience on JetBlue reminded me of air travel before 9/11. Every row had legroom for no extra charge! Everyone got snacks and a full can of soda for no extra charge! The agents at check in were friendly, not zombies, at no extra charge! The flight was"
An absolute nightmare!,"Before I share my nightmare with jetblue, I want to first acknowledge what they “got right.” Unfortunately it isn’t much: they have free wifi. The reason I have so much free time on my hands is because their inflight “entertainment” system has gone haywire. I’ve become tired of"
Without a doubt JetBlue is extraordinary. None compare.,"I needed to make a change in my flight for a medical emergency, and called the executive office. Someone actually called me, and in the most compassionate way Ms.Evans made the necessary accomodations for me to get back to the US, waiving all fees. NO OTHER AIRLINE WOULD DO WHAT"
Love jetBlue!!!,"Love my direct, red-eye on jetBlue to and from Boston. Fine airline, fine staff....my preferred method of travel. Never a problem."
comfortable flight,"Everything about the flight was good - staff was attentive and friendly, snacks were abundant, seats were comfortable and the TV channels were good. I love flying JetBlue."
Always fly JetBlue (Domestic),I have been flying JetBlue pretty much my whole life and I do it a lot! When I was younger I was flying back and forth to see my family and now I do it for family and leisure with my boyfriend. He is Mosaic so of course the customer service is exceptional but i'm reviewing as me
Airline was good luggage policy SUCKS.,"Luggage policy sucks! My large (32"" high including wheels - 9"" deep) suitcase would cost an extra $150 (on top of the $35 checked bag fee) as ""oversize"" - the limit being 64"" circumferance includung wheels and handle as a result I had to cram everthing into a much smaller"
"'Boarding Soon', NOT","On the flight to NYC, the inflight TV didn't work. The next day we each received an email apologizing for the incovenience and giving us an 'entertainment credit' for a future flight. I probably won't use it, but it was an appreciated touch. I've always said it's easy to please"
Plenty of space for legs,"My 1st flight with JetBlue was from Barbados to Fort Lauderdale. It was normal flight, no issues, baggage received few minutes after landing. What I didnt expect was the huge space between seats. I couldnt believe that an airline has such generous setting in economy class -"
Jet Blue is the Best!!,"Great Price, Great Flight! The Flight Crew was very courteous, departure was timely, the plane ride was very comfortable!"
Another Great Flight,We recently flew from New York to San Diego on Jet Blue. The flight was uneventful and comfortable. We have flown Jet Blue several times and so far the flights have been pleasant and on time. You can’t ask for more.
Love JetBlue!,For the price the best Arline and service. Plenty of leg room. Slight attendants were great! Love JetBlue!
"Great Flight, On Time!","Overall, flight was very good, however, both on the flight down and back, the TV only worked intermittently, and I kept losing the picture. Aside from this, great trip(s)!"
Great Trip,I really enjoyed my flight. It was on time and very comfortable. I enjoyed the fact that there were music/movies and still a very affordable flight. The flight did take off slightly late but I made my connection on time.
Airline has a reputation for chronic lateness,"Every occasion that I used this airline, at least one leg of my travel is significantly late. Lots of things to like about this airline, but any organization that can’t make its trains run on time (or planes in this case) forfeits countless customers every day. Time for some"
"More Leg Room, More Snacks","The first thing that struck me was that my knees didn’t strike the seat in front of me. For a supposedly budget airline, they actually give one more leg room than other carriers. Is it possible that they sacrificed more seats for comfort. Also in an age where other airlines"
Wow! Never more accommodating,We were going to drive to our vacation in Florida for 20 hours instead of buying 5 airline tickets. We are so glad we booked a flight last minute. We were not assigned seats so when we came to the counter and had no line at all checking in we were told they flagged us to make
Definitely worth the seat upgrade,"Any flight over three hours is worth getting the extra leg room. Unfortunately JetBlue has fallen to other airlines levels.....everything is extra! However, I still think they are the best in getting you to your destination on time and as comfortably as possible."
$5.00 for a blanket?,"I'm pretty particular about what I fly. So for the most part, I like jet blue because the seats are roomier. The flights are usually on time. Will say this though, The landing into Aruba was horrendous. You could see the pilot misjudged the runway and a rough landing would"
One of the Better Airlines,We always enjoy flying JetBlue. The legroom and seats are very comfortable. They have the best snacks of any domestic airline.
"Great flight, service just ok","The flight was okay. We arrived on time. The service onboard was just a little below par. THe stewardesses were friendly except one who seemed to be having a bad day. Not friendly not passenger oriented. Just OK? While we flew down on a different airlines that served food,"
Worse Flight,I recently had a vacation in Colombia and flew JetBlue round trip. The planes they use for the Caribbean and South American flights are the older planes. I paid the additional 40.00 for extra room and priority boarding. Well that was a waste because i was not able to board
Nice personnel,"I normally don't write reviews for airlines, but one particular person made my day. Her name is Johnetta. I was having trouble using the machine to check my bags. She walked me through it and patiently stayed by my side, even when we couldn't complete the transaction and we"
MOST Amazing Airline EVER!!!,"I flew with jetBlue, on march 2018, this guys are amazing, while do I forgot to review, they deserve a 10 out of 10!! Best airline ever, and when I changed flight from FLL to EWRK they had free wifi, not like United that denied the wifi. jetBlue Is AMAZING keep it up. *Only"
Can improve,"Flight was in time. No issues at all and we even arrived earlier on the way there. The in flight service can get a little better. It was difficult to know if It was mu turn t ok get a drink. .. it was very confusing. The aircraft is comfortable. But can also be better. "
Great flight - Great customer Service,"I was flying with my 3 year old daughter alone on a 6 hour flight...she, luckily, was an angel. I enjoyed the friendly JetBlue staff as well as the new 'free' cabinet of snacks and drinks that I was able to grab whenever I wanted."
Love JetBlue but.....,"We primarily fly JetBlue. We really do love this airline. My last flight was almost 5 hours long and I want to say I am an anxious flyer. Five hours is a lot for me to handle and I depend on JetBlue's entertainment system to distract me. Going, my husband's phone jack was"
"Awful, delays all of the time","Me and my husband fly a lot with different airlines, mostly between New York and Miami. Let me tell you, the worse airline is JetBlue -always delays, almost never on time. People say JetBlue is better than Spirit, believe me that’s a bs - 95 % delays in jetblue and 95% of"
Seating Scheme,I have flown JetBlue for almost ten years now and the last couple of years (3-4) I haven’t been able to buy any of the seats on the last row of the plane. I’ve received every kind of explanation imaginable from crew members and JetBlue personnel and still I find people sitting
Nice and Friendly,Very nice - first time I had flown with them. Very disappointed with the JetBlue terminal at LaGuardia - food selections were horrible - so eat before you depart for the airport.
"if you fly jet blue, fly mint","JetBlue Mint is a treasure. They do a fab job overall, and considering all things, the price is reasonable for the level of service comfort, as compared with biz or first class on another airline. If you are traveling alone, being in the single seat row (think suite vs. room) is"
"JetBlue is on time generally, and has courteous staff, but leg room is cramped.","Friendly staff as usual, but overhead compartments always fill up fast because staff doesn't always stop people from bringing on more than one carry-on bag. Leg space seems to be getting smaller but I could say that about every airline I fly lately."
jet blue is the best,"I always try to fly jet blue and they are always courteous, friendly and very accommodating. Planes are alway clean."
Disappointment,"Recently, after my flight from Boston to LA, I wrote a review saying how awesome JetBlue was and has been in my experience. Well, apparently I did not have enough experience... I just took an overnight flight from San Jose (CA) to Boston with JetBlue. It was seriously bad."
Carry on baggage,Don’t fly this airline unless you have a carry on the size of a pea. They will make you hate check. So annoying. I fly with the same carry-on on every other domestic airline and have never had trouble. JetBlue sucks.
Dependable Comfortable Friendly,"I always fly Jet Blue and always have a positive experience. Staff are helpful and efficient. If there is a delay, crew members are good about updating passengers. TVs help pass the time."
Cramp leg room,"Although the leg room left much to be desired, the flight was uneventful. However, the ground staff asked us to transfer some of our stuff from one luggage that was over 50lbs to one that was less than 50lbs. I found this to be ridiculous. The flight staff were not warm and"
Service,We had a very early flight from Vegas. We got to the check in and no one was at JetBlue. We waited as a large crowd gathered waiting. Finally it opened but we were not give a gate number or directions. Unfortunately we and a slew of other travelers wound up taking the wrong
"Love JB, Sometimes the staff is average","Recently traveled on a Tues evening flight to Raleigh. Flight was full, boarding ok, once airborne, I wanted to use the restroom. Twice the flight attendant refused to allow me to use it because the captain was ""going to announce turbulance and I needed to sit and buckle up"" "
Great Flight,"Excellent flight. No bumps or turbulence at all. Newer plane, more leg room, plenty of snacks. Lots of movies and TV channels to watch."
Alas! One star less this time,"For the first time I ran into unfriendly, sullen staff in JetBlue. Passengers in the last group to board were obliged to check their bags because there was no space, only to find some half empty compartments and others filled with small bags and duty free articles. The staff"
Airline superior service,Good flight 1.25 hr flight time. Always recommended Jet Blue for travel needs for business ans leisure travel. Professional and kind service in all aspects of this airline. The 320 is a comfortable airplane.
Jetblue and their changes,"we arrived at the airport around 8:30 am only to received a notification from Jet blue that our flight is delayed. the flight took off at about 2 pm, we received no explanation what so ever, I get these airlines thinks they are granting you a favor. It was a smooth flight my"
Great airlines,Boarding was fast seats had monitors and loved the wifi. Food and beverages were served staff was friendly and flight made it early on time
Excellent service from crew,Excellent service; Great leg room; Excellent crew service; crew members were very accommodating and courteous; great service at desk; can't complaint and I would sure become a frequent flier with this company.
Happy customer,"Great flight from MCO to JFK a little delay but crew were great all smiles, fun and relaxing flight. JetBlue is my number one airline when travelling in the states!"
No more JetBlue for me!,We were returning back home with flight 1205 on the evening of Sunday 10/28/18. Our flight was supposed to leave at 9:00 pm and finally left JFK at 11:00 pm. They never informed us about the exact reason behind this lengthy delay with the exception of referring to a loose seal!
Jetblue is Good for You.,"I agree with other reviews, we too boarded promptly without any pressure. All were on board early which allowed us to get away a little earlier and actually arrive earlier at the destination as well. The staff onboard did their job but lacked a few smiles which would have been"
Left Early - Arrived Early!,"Usually people are reluctant to fly because they feel like cattle being prodded, this was not the case! The crew on JetBlue was very efficient. We left early and we arrived early - that's pretty incredible."
Delayed long flight,"I booked one of the only available morning flights to Sacramento, hoping to enjoy the afternoon of my arrival in CA. My flight out of Logan was delayed by 45 minutes, and we flew into a head wind, causing the flight to be even more late into Sacramento. There was very little"
Birthday trip,Love jet blue always! No delays....excellent customer service ... just hate the layover In Boston To go to Atlanta!
Odd times = better prices,We flew from Boston to Las Vegas round trip for both of us for what other people were paying for a single ticket. Yes we left Boston at 9pm and got to Vegas at midnight. We also left Vegas at 7am on a Sunday. So if you can stomach odd times there are good flights for cheap.
loved the legroom,"flights were comfortable with additional leg room in coach. plane was kept a little cold for my liking, but it is better than being too hot. will fly this airline again if for nothing else than not having sore legs after back to back 3 hour flights."
october 2018,final leg of journey to holiday we always purchase the more than add on which gives you extra leg room and expedited security planes are always clean and staff always helpful snacks could have a little more variety but we use each year
"Good service, friendly staff",Our first time on JetBlue. It was way better than we had expected for a discount carrier. The aircraft had more legroom than most full fledged airlines we fly on. The seats were comfortable and in seat entertainment actually worked. The bathrooms were clean and even though
"Modern equipment, friendly employees and lots of leg room","Great flight, Great seats with ample leg room. A no nonsense way of flying at a great price. They even provide free sodas and munchies. Reminds me of the long ago days of PSA and Southwest. The boarding process is done right; after the perk early seating, they fill up the rear"
Excellent Flight to Dominican,"It was not my first flight, but my first time flying with JetBlue. I was able to select the seat I wanted for me and my friend. Although there was a little turbulence during our flight, the pilot handled it like a pro. All of the flight attendants, except one, were very"
Never again,"Approx 180 people and their luggage embarked on the plane, the captain came out and told us the plane we were on had a previous issue, and that it had not been cleared /passed by the authorities; something they would have known before we embarked! We were told we would have to"
Good experience,Good trip. Helpful flight attendants. Some turbulence but not much. Seats were adequate size. Video screens provided.
Do Not Book with JetBlue Vacations- Divi Resort Barbados,"What ever you do, DO NOT BOOK WITH JETBLUE VACATIONS. The airline is great but the vacation service is the worse. The partner resorts they advertise are the worse. Stay at Divi Resort in Barbados and the room was filthy, the furniture and the bed was worn out visible dirt all"
My Cancun flight on JetBlue,"I would like to say my flight was safe,comfortable and ontime . The staff was courteous and helpful. I will fly again on JetBlue ."
Excellent Flight and Service,"This was my first flight on JetBlue, I was totally impressed, i bought the tickets on a flash sale, haven't never been on a jetblue flight i had very low expectations, I had the thought they were a low class flyer, was i surprised, On time departure, roomy seat, and leg room,"
Thank you JetBlue,"I had to cut my trip short due to a family emergency. The person from JetBlue was so understanding she changed our flight, no questions asked. No extra fees. She wished us luck and took care of everything. I'm so impressed. I never experienced such kindness from an airline. I"
Great Flight for the Money,"We were tired of ""value"" flights on Spirit and the troubles we had, including cancelled flights, late flights, uncomfortable seating, bad service, and the fact that we sat through several 5+ hour flights with nothing but a cup of water. Ugh! We decided to give jetBlue a try"
"Great times to fly, Garbage amenities","The time to fly are great. Early morning and late evening so I don't waste a day at work. But if you advertise that you have monitors and tv stations on board then make sure they work. Over half if not 2/3's of the monitors were stuck on the same channel for 4 hours straight. "
My Preferred Airline,"We sat on the plane, at the gate for an hour before taking off. Pilot said it was due to a minor repair made that he needed to sign off on, and we were waiting for the work log to be brought to him. An hour? Seriously? Pilot also said we'd make up the time in flight and it'd"
Usually a good flying experiernce,"Flew home from SoCal last night on JetBlue. Hoped to catch the WS game on their TVs, but the one on my seatback was broken. Luckily the seat next to mine was working so I watched there. Flight Attendant wasn't too interested in my story. No XM, either. That being said, seats"
Blue Skies,"When JetBlue decided to fly to Jamaica was the best thing for me. I travel home every two months and I stay racking up points. I like the no hassle of JetBlue, and although I miss Air Jamaica, JetBlue filled the gap. Domestic travel throughtout the US is also great, but the"
Aisle seat apparently always means last group to board,"This is my first trip flying JetBlue. I love everything except boarding process. I always sit in an aisle seat, and apparently on JetBlue that means boarding last. Problem is there is no overhead space left by then. You have to end up gate checking your VERY small carry-on"
Poor Managment at JFK,"The managment at JFK representing JB was disrespectful, unsympathetic, uneducated and arrogant. Mathew and Tony were anything but sympathetic towards my situation; I missed my flight due their employee not updating the monitor. I rely on the monitor because I am disabled and"
Excellent Domestic Flight,Most comfortable domestic flight I've ever had. Leg room was perfect considering I was on economy class. There is no delay in my flight. Everything was checked as usual. Food was just fine for a short flight. Flight attendants are nice.
Bate & switch $45 for seat selection 10/22,"I had a two leg airline trip last Monday from Rochester, NY to JFK and then home to New Orleans. When I went to get my boarding pass on-line on 10/21, I only had a seat assigned or possible to change from ROC to JFK. When I went to select a seat from JFK to MSY, the only choices"
I need to qualify - this is about my experience in the particular flight - NOT an over all on the airline.,"Very memorable in one respect - nothing went wrong. No trouble checking in, getting through TSA, on the flight or debarring and claiming luggage. Seating was comfortable. I'm tall and no string bean, but seeing was good."
My favorite airline in the USA,"JetBlue is by far the most comfortable and pleasant airline to fly within the US. The seats were spacious (I mean, within limits of course), the entertainment system was great (nice screen, good variety of free movies, etc.), the wi-fi worked perfectly and fast, and snacks were"
Fast Flight,"The flight was actually quicker than what we had initially thought. We were lucky. We had a little turbulence, due to a storm. The seats were better than they use to be. The flight crew was very pleasant. I had a window seat. I enjoy looking out the window. The landing was"
Flight to Fort Lauderdale,"We flew back and forth in a modern and comfortable plane, good service, quick check-in, a little waiting for the suitcases, but overall it was excellent"
"Price, Service, Pleasantness, On-Time","JetBlue is my go-to airline. Wherever I'm going, I try JetBlue first. Only if JetBlue doesn't fly there, will I fly another airline. Price, service, on-time, comfort, overall pleasantness sets JetBlue apart."
Comfortable flight to vacation,Comfortable seating plenty of overhead space. Good crew and clean planes. The flight had a little turbulence leaving FL but things smoothed out quickly as we climbed above the clouds
Uncomfortable flight,"We took JetBlue from Salt Lake City to saint marteen, the plane seats were the most uncomfortable seats I’ve ever sat on, tv screens were very small. It seemed to me the whole plane was very outdated. They let 2 cats on a 9 hr overnight flight and this was not good at all. I’m"
Only way to fly to California,We fly JetBlue whenever we can since the seats are comfortable and legroom is ample. Their prices are also reasonable and we didn't have to pay for our checked bags.
On Time,"What can I say, JetBlue was always on time. Despite having to pay for some tv viewing (on the small planes), blankets, earbuds, etc., there was enough leg room and the free refreshments were okay."
Great flight,"Great flight, easy boarding and good service! Free movies and tv. It was a direct flight and it was very pleasant!"
VEry Good.!,"Jet Blue Airlines is the best to travel with in United States. My over all my journey is very comfortable travelled in economy class but still the leg room is very spacious compared to other airlines which I travelled earlier. The flight also has free Wi-Fi, movies and some TV"
"Red eye on way out was too hot, No problem on way back.",Jet Blue has more leg room than Southwest based only on comfort. The tables also work better for guys like me with big bellies. The audio for their video system was crap both ways. On the way back the controls were so worn out they did not work. Minor complaints. Will use again.
JetBlue is the Best!,"Consistently offers the most reliable service, friendly faces, fair fares, great rewards and TV’s at every seat!!! Oh did I mention free snacks! I heart JetBlue"
Mosiac membership is an added bonus,"We used to fly private to Naples, Fl, for many years as there were a few poor airlines that we didn't care for and we didn't want to leave from JFK or LaGuardia. Then, thankfully JB received a Ft Myers slot a few years ago and while we still fly privately occasionally, we have"
Wonderful experience with Rosemarie Angeli,"Firstly, the plane was new and very comfortable. The best part however was the wonderfully kind flight attendant, Rosemarie Angeli. She went above and beyond to make sure we had an enjoyable flight. Can't say enough good things about her!"
Excellent trip!,"I can only thank the crew of JetBlue for making my trip to Peru (10/8/18) a memorable one. From checking my luggage to boarding the plane. If they changed gates, they'll announce it with plenty of time so we were not confused. On the plane, they were very prompt to answer our"
Florida,We originally were supposed to fly out at 5:22 and never flew out till 9:26 over 4 hour delay as the plane we were suppose to have flown out of had engine trouble which jet blue knew way before we even got to the airport so you would think that they would have another plane for
Watch out for the flight change fee's double check you won't need to make any changes!,We had planned a cruise trip which included our flights to and from but after we had booked the trip we extended our cruise so after checking on scheduled flight they had excessive change fee's even with the advanced notice we gave them but it was past the 24 hour allowed time
Worst seat on the plane is better than any other airline,"Flying is often an awful experience, particularly long domestic flights in the US. Getting stuck in the middle seat towards the back of the plane is a nasty affair, but on JetBlue it's actually tolerable. Legroom is better than any non-premium carrier, service is friendly and"
What a nightmare!,I booked a ticket in April to go to Cuba in July and ended up having to relocate to TX for work in July. I called to see if I could transfer my ticket to leave from DFW since that's where I'd be living. Jetblue explained they don't fly to Cuba from TX so they gave me a flight
Too small for comfort,"I love flying JetBlue. The only thing that keeps me from giving an excellent rating is the fact that their so-called leg room has diminished for those that are over 6 feet tall like myself. I'm 6' 4"" and have felt cramped in previous flights and even much worse since I had a"
Visiting Cuba with JetBlue,My husband and I flew to Cuba on JetBlue during the Columbus Day week. This was our first time visiting this island country. Our trip was everything we dreamed of and so much more! Visiting Cuba from US is easy but requires two extra steps: #1) you need to choose a reason for
Check your bag issue,"This was my first flight ever on JetBlue. As we started to board at JFK, it became very clear that the remaining passengers would not have the option of putting their carry on bags in the overhead compartments. My husband and I checked our two bags which cost $50. JetBlue"
San Fran to NYC,"Excellent economy class flight, new aircraft ,ample leg room (I'm 6'2),comfortable seats, great inflight service and entertainment.EVen got there early."
Relaxing,There is no delay in my flight. Everything was checked as usual.Food was just fine for a short flight. Flight attendants are nice.
Best Direct Flight,The Orlando to Cancun flight is amazing. The early flight gets you to Cancun a little after 10 AM. This makes it easy as we encountered no lines.
JetBlue Two Fly?,"m a recent breast cancer survivor celebrating being cancer free.  My dearest friend was getting married in Barbados and invited me to be a bridesmaid.  Since I underwent chemotherapy and radiation last year, I decided to agree to join my friend on her special day and invited my"
Our Florida connection,We use JetBlue almost exclusively commenting from New York to Florida and Back. For the most part service is good and flights leave on time. They are flexible In changing flights due to inclement weather. They will refund you if the tv Service does not work. They offer many
JetBlue is my favorite airline,"Both me and my wife prefer JetBlue airline to the others for comfort, service and fligh schedule convenience. Legroom space is quite generous by default but you can upgrade it for an extra charge if you want even more. In-flight entertainment includes free movies, TV and WiFi."
Conference trip,"great flight, smooth take off, smooth landing, Wonderful inflight service. Even though weather was sketchy the ride was smooth and bounce free. Great pilots. Great staff. Inflight snacks are wonderful and no charge. FREE not like cheapskate Spirit. No charge for carryon, no"
"Great experience all around, loved the in-seat TV","I usually fly the budget airlines like Frontier, but I needed to take another airline to meet my inflexible travel needs on this particular occasion. I settled on JetBlue, and even though it was more expensive than I would have liked, the experience was great. Friendly"
We just love the treatment we get on JetBlue.,"We just love JetBlue. The staff in the airport were very helpful The on-board staff gave us very good service. They were friendly and accommodating. We had both long and short flights on this trip. No luggage was lost or delayed. We arrived and departed on schedule, in spite of"
"Ouch, change in flight","We bought our tickets at the end of March for the October flight, but in late April/early May we were notified that our flight has changed! To my sadness it changed from leaving in the morning / arriving at lunch to leaving in the evening and arriving at 9pm to Oregon, and"
wonderful flight,"The wheelchair assistance for my spouse from curbside, thru check-in, to PRE-TSA (nice bonus), and to the gate was so helpful"
Good flight,Jetblue is great. Leg space is marvelous. The employees also treat well. Airport at fll is great. I would recommend
JetBlue to Cancun,"We always use JetBlue to Cancun. There’s a lot of choices for flight times, they USED to have the one free bag and we get points. The planes are always clean and on time. Simple to book online, check in and get updates. Although, I have to say this last time in Cancun, they"
Red eye,Took a red eye flight from San Diego to Ft. Lauderdale. It was a nice flight. Flight attendants were nice and friendly. Everything was good. But my tv had a short or something was wrong with it so couldn’t watch tv.
Red eye to Boston,"Everything went well, JetBlue has come a long way since 20-30 years ago. Nice comfortable planes and seat even economy are comfortable with plenty of leg room. The only issue is paying for checked luggage $25 now $35/bag causes a crowded plane as folks try to carry everything"
Excellent,"From our arrival at Burlington where the desk clerk booked us in. She was friendly and very helpful, making sure our luggage including our carry on went all the way through to Reno, as we had to change flights at JFK. The flight was slightly delayed but we had an explanation"
First time with Jet Blue,"This was our first time with JetBlue and we were very impressed. It was clean, comfortable, and the staff were very helpful. We are planning to fly to Portland in the beginning of the new year and after our experience with Boston we will be booking with JetBlue for that trip as"
Trip to Florida,"The flight was ok, but we payed for better seats , with more room and I end up in the exit, that was literally a wall..... I was very dissapointed with my seat, but the flight was ok, nothing to complain about"
I love jet blue,I love this airline!! Flight was on time and easy- flying time is only 1 hr 7 minutes- but the flight says it’s 2 hours- Eat before you travel cause the only thing in your future is chips and a flight attendant with a smile!!!
Excellent Service.,"The flight was on time and got us there as expected. What was extraordinary is the service provided by the in flight staff. There were two flight attendants who were absolutely energetic, pleasant, and caring. From the bit of banter upon boarding, through beverage/snack service,"
Love Jetblue,Great service and on time. I try to fly JetBlue as often as I can. Highly recommend this airline when traveling.
always great,my flight was at 630 pm usually by that time most flights are behind schedule. not only did we leave west palm early but we arrived to ny 25 min. early.everyone is always very nice. it was very comfotable. love my tv!
Whirlwind Trip,Excellent flight - convenient and a good value. Early morning flight down provided us with a whole first day of sightseeing. Early evening flight home for another day touring.
More space than competitors at competitive price,"Took the Red Eye home to NYC from Las Vegas. As always, JetBlue seats have more butt room and leg room than other Economy airlines. The flight was uneventful, which is perfect for sleeping. Took off on time. Arrived on time. Who could ask for anything more!"
Arrival at JFK,Flight was excellent however clearing customs was a chore. My wife had wheelchair assist. When we were on plane we were told we did not need to fill out carom forms if we had US Passports. The aides took All wheelchair people to Global entry where passports did not work. We
Relaxing flight,Needed to take care of some business with a little bit of family time in Boston for a few days and booked a flight with JetBlue airlines! I’m pretty sure since it’s been a while since I’ve flown with them they have made a great upgrade on their seating! The seats were very
No bag Airline — All’s well that ends well...,"Ion years of travel internationally and domestically never lost a bag until this September rout flight to our winter quarters. Shipped two via UPS — three days door to door. (Pricey but a great way to move belongings.). However, one of two checked on our JetBlue flight never"
As Good As It Gets,Recently took the afternoon JetBlue flight from JFK to Charleston. On time departure; early arrival in Charleston; and fantastic cabin crew - what more could one ask for????
NOTHING OUTSTANDING,Average flight good service. They turned a delay to on time service. Gate agents very helpful. Paid for extra leg room and don’t believe I got what I paid for.
Excellent service from the ground/up.,"JetBlue seems to be my airline of choice nowadays. Great prices and service, one cannot go wrong. The ease of checking in 24 hours prior to your flight departure is always an asset. The inflight service was very nice, flight attendants are friendly and professional, seats in"
Unexpectedly pleasant,"Flight was on time, seats clean and comfortable with more room than typical american airlines. Pleasant staff. Will try to arrange my travels in the future to include JetBlue"
"extremely efficient check in, helpful staff",i had never flown JetBlue before and even though this flight was a more expensive way to get to Orlando I booked it because it was non-stop. check-in was extremely quick and the staff there was more than helpful of any questions I may have had. I was concerned about paying for
Misleading Reservation System Costing You More Fees and Lost Time,"We won the Hamilton ticket lottery so we had to make a next-day airline reservation from Orlando to NYC. Researching transportation, we decided to fly to JFK to take the subway to Times Square / Broadway.We could have taken other airlines that were cheaper than JetBlue, but we"
"Good Flight , clan plane ane waiting area",Early Morning flight. Flight was on-time . Plane was clean two free bags checked. Worked out great. Would use again.
Thanks Flight Attendant Millie,"Still suffering from food poisoning I was dreading the flight home but anxious to get back. Things started out badly, our TV screens did not work so we moved to seats in the front row. Millie could see that we were having trouble, but instead of just ignoring us she defused the"
JFK to Charleston,"My wife and I flew JFK to Charleston on a Sunday morning, exactly what you would expect from JFK at 5:30 am. TSA line wasn't that long and things only improved when we got on board, flight crew was great, nice quiet peaceful trip down. Comfortable seats, flew in row 12."
florida-bahamas 2018,Great price and fast arrival although flight was delayed 2 times from fort Lauderdale airport to the Bahamas.
THEY AIM TO PLEASE,Both of us flew from Fort L. to Aruba on JetBlue and back. Comfortable seats and getting drinks & snacks helps. One question?---when boarding why don't you call the back of the plane after disability & small children? Doesn't it make sense to fill that section first before the
Sitting on tarmac,"Flight was fine, pilot did a great job of keeping us informed. We landed on time but unfortunately had no gate available to disembark so had to sit on the tarmac waiting. Don’t know if JetBlue or ATL messed up the parking but made our next flight waaay to close for comfort!"
loved it!,"loved this airline, was expecting less for what I paid. even the economy seats had plenty of leg room for me (6ft. 3in.) lots of options to upgrade, very friendly staff on board. Really liked the free wifi on board, already had an amazon prime account and watched a few movies"
Pleasant CHS - NYC flight,Check in was quick. Flight was uneventful. Seats were comfortable. Seats have TV entertainment and hostesses served small snacks.
Only offered beverages and snacks,The flights were fine and staff ok. But we were given only beverages and snacks during 3-hour flights.
No seats,Just 5 hours after online check in opened and they told me i had to oay for seats because all other were booked. Scam. I am so angry. I wont choose jetblue again. Its is unlikely that they didnt have seats.
Mr,Delays due to maintenance problems on both ends of our trip the maintenance crews don't inspire much confidence as the purported problem always seems to be changing. At JFK we could see maintenance guy searching ground for something missing. Well at least we arrived safely 2
Love JetBlue!!,"Consistent in their comfort and level Of service, love the personal TV and their snacks. Staff is wonderful. Predictably good!!!"
on time; good leg room; friendly folks,"First JetBlue experience and it was all good from online reservations to return flight back home. Encountered friendly folks are all levels, unlike the so-called ""friendly skies"" of United. Leg room puts Delta to shame including its economy plus. Cabin door closed and away from"
Excellent flight from Palm Beach to Westchester NY,First of all the PBI Airport is a dream. If you have the ability to fly out of PBI do not hesitate. Flight was in time and smooth. The flight attendants were professional and courteous. HPN is the best airport in downstate New York. Renting a car was a breeze. Overall
Good flight.,Flight was on time. No problems. Smooth flight all the way to Orlando. Very nice flight attendants. Pilot was friendly and communicated well with the passengers.
Not the best seating,"The service was great but the lack of leg room was a big disappointment. The standard seats don't even provide enough room to stretch your legs. Very uncomfortable for a short flight, can't even imagine a longer one"
Beware of Scrupulous Overweight baggage charges!,"Upon checking my One luggage at Jetblue Jfk, the Jetblue ticket Agent placed it the luggage scale and advised me that it was overweight by 16 lbs. I was shocked, Because I had weighed the luggage at home beforehand and it weighed under 50 lbs. She proceeded to tell me that it"
Good Flight Without Buying Extras,"I’m not sure if it’s because no one was in the middle seat, but this direct flight from Fort Myers to Boston was comfortable and I did not take any of the upgrades. The flight was on time, the flight attendants were nice, boarding was easy, and the flight was smooth. The in"
Organized,"Very organized, we even departed early and the flight was shorter/fastest than notified. I didn't know airplanes are now equiped with power outlets, so this was an even better flight than most. Also the Jetblue app is very user friendly."
Jetblue is losing its luster,"Had a terrible experience with delayed flights, which are happening with them more and more often, but the worst was the customer service, with boarding passes and assigned seats being given to us that turned out to be no good, had to separate from my husband to take different"
Vacation,"The was great, the crew was awesome and told me Thank You For Your Military Service, I would recommend JetBlue"
First issue with JetBlue,I was scheduled to leave out of Tampa at 9:29am on 10/6/18 so that I could make it to NJ before 1pm as I had an important function to attend. I get to the airport at 7am to then be notified that the flight was delayed until 12:35pm. There are limited flights to NJ from Tampa so
A great experience,"Our flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York, was excellent. We had no problem getting through security at the airport and our flight took off and landed on time. This was a very smooth flight from start to finish! I highly recommend Jet Blue Airlines."
Impressed,Apart from a little bit of confusion when boarding (zones) once onboard the flight crew were very helpful. On board service include a section of inflight entertainment (including movies). Snacks and soft drinks all provided free of charge and the seats had good legroom. And
Good flight & more comfortable,Both flights were on time and no changes occurred. Flight crew was professional and helpful. The plane was clean and everything worked as it should. I really enjoy the TV for each seat and a little more legroom than the major carriers.
Blown Away,"In July, my husband and I took an anniversary trip to Jamaica. I had flown Jet Blue a couple of times before but was too young to remember much about those flights. We simply chose Jet Blue because that was the airline with the least expensive flights to Jamaica. The moment we"
Always a Great Experience,"JetBlue is a model for other carriers. Their service is great and their prices are good. Another plus - the JetBlue area in BOS is awesome, with plenty of stuff to do and solid food options. The only downside is that the aircraft I was on was older, but it was a short hop so"
Economic but worth your money,"Departed on time, clean plane, not much leg room but still doable, snacks for sale ok, free water, , free blue chips that everyone on land will know you came in on a Jetblue flight, going home departed on time, nice job for the money. We are happy"
Good,"I've traveled a couple of times this year using Jetblue. Like every other service place you find very helpful and friendly help, others not so much. Timing has improved in the past year. In 2015 there were multiple ocassions in which plane was delayed for a couple of hours and"
"Flug ok, aber abzocke für nicht erbrachte Leistungen","I bought an upgrade for more space and early boarding. It was very easy to buy with the app. But: we didnj't get any effort this! We had normal seats in row 13 (nothing special, no additional space) and I was one of the latest to enter the aircraft (Groupt E). I informed"
"COURTESY, CLASS, AND COMFORT DEFINES JETBLUE .KING OF THE AIR.","It's significantly amazing when persons that you come in contact with are very considerate. it makes a world of difference. From my curbside check-in with Jetblue, I was pleasantly surprised that I was accorded the privilege of being TSA pre-checked, and not having to remove"
It was smooth sailing,When you can't tell if you are on the ground or in the air for takeoff or touchdown; you know you have topnotch pilots.
Wow!,"I have flown several different airlines over the years and JetBlue is my favorite by far!! More leg room means more comfort, and the flight staff is so friendly and helpful! eEven though the turbulance, the pilots and staff were wonderful!! Our bags were even at our destination"
Leg room in coach very good!,"Wider seats in coach they any domestic flights I have flown without paying extra. Coach service the sameas anytoany other domestic airlines. Drink and snack service as usual. Pay extra for anything else. On schedule, in fact, arrived 10-15 minutes earlier. Rough landing,"
On time,Flight was on time smooth sailing friendly staff no issues at all will fly them again and again beverages and snack received
Loudest plane I’ve ever been on,"Had a layover in Fort Lauderdale, FL, so the flight time was split up a little - thankfully. I was so uncomfortable on the flight to FL that I wouldn’t have lasted all the way to Cancun. The nice part about JetBlue is that there is plenty of leg room compared to other airlines"
"8 hour wait, 2 hour flight",One gate in Chicago. Flight was 6am delayed until 10:25. No notification by JetBlue of delay. Half a dozen further delays. No explanation. 2 other flights left to Boston while we waited. Finally departed at 2 pm. 8 hour wait but no worries they provided a 100 dollar
I am surprised,"I had no expectations for this low cost airline, but when COPA AIRLINES did what it did ( See my review ) I had to get a fast ticket here. First, easy web site to buy a ticket, second, I paid for the bag much less than I was told I had to pay. third, the check in in the airport,"
If you have to fly... Fly jetBlue,We flew economy but paid for more space and it was well worth it. The planes are clean and the staff was exceptional.
Super Experience,"We departed early, what a surprise, and enjoyed every aspect of the flight. From check in to baggage pick up a wonderful experience."
Better than on time- early!,Perfect flight. We were early and the flight was smooth & uneventful (which is always a good thing).
love JetBlue,"As usual a great flight, have never had a problem on JetBlue. Flight crew great, flight was great, pilot made great time."
Perfect flight,We weren't expecting much in the way of service when we booked our tickets since most airlines only include your seat belt when you purchase your ticket. We were so pleasantly surprised with our JetBlue flight that we told everyone about it while on our vacation. The plane had
St. Lucia Trip,"We fly JetBlue a lot, and it was a great choice for our St. Lucia flight. I'm a big guy, and the seats are comfortable, and staff friendly. The prices are also great. Would fly them again."
So helpful when and unexpected situation arose!,I was 1 mile from the airport and got into a car accident it took the state troopers 2hrs and 20 minutes to arrive! Needless to say I missed my flight headed to my sisters wedding... JetBlue helped me book another flight just a few hours later. They were very understanding and
JET TO BOSTON,"Flying one way from Justly website was scary, but left on time and arrived 10 mins early. Would deffinately do this again. Great deals"
Smooth ride. Indifferent attendant.,Good flight smooth flying. Attendant referred my wife to the brochure when she asked what juices were available. One would think that the attendant could verbally advise what items are to be had rather than refer the customer to read the brochure. Other than that the crew
Brother Bs travelling circus,"Never a problem when I fly with Jet Blue I'm 6'2"" 225lbs.and always fit comfortably into the seats. Staff are always friendly. Highly recommend for nervous flyers. They just do it well."
red eye,"un eventful flight. there was alot of weather and captain had us up and 38K feet to get over it. i like jet blue, seats are comfortable, legroom is great flights both ways were on time, Staff was pleasant."
Great first impression,"This was my first flight with jetBlue. I was warned by some that this “no frills” airline had hidden fees and bad customer service. What I experienced was completely different. From booking the flight online to the actual flight I was impressed. The customer service was awesome,"
Thank you Francesco,I thank want to thank a very special person who help my mom today a lot . He made sure she get to the flight safely . His name is Francesco . So thank you again
tennis buddies weekend in Boston,"I have never flown JetBlu and was very hesitant. The flight staff were all great, friendly, helpful and personable. Even the person at the check in kiosk was exceptionally friendly. We had to change our flight day of departure, but she helped us without any problems. Our seats"
Great Flight,"We took a great flight from Long Beach, CA to NY JFK. This was a smooth flight left Long Beach a few minutes early and on the ground at the assigned time at JFK. I only rated this a 4 because for 5 hours and 35 minutes we had no TV service. The flight crew tried to re start"
Great airline to work with,JetBlue always has such great staff members. Very nice and accommodating. Even were able to change flights to a sooner one to get us home faster.
Viva Las Vegas,We were traveling to Vegas for a wedding with the bride and groom. She has her wedding dress to transport and they were able to accommodate her by hanging it in a closet in the cabin.
Heading home,"I love JetBlue. Flight attendents are always friendly and helpful. Sirius radio, direct TV and free movies keep you entertained. Plenty of snacks. They welcome you when boarding, and they make you feel that they truly appreciate your business. I try to fly JetBlue whenever"
"Mint - What a great way to fly, didn’t want it to end","Other airlines take note, JetBlue Mint is the benchmark for cabin comfort, service and amenities. For a transcontinental flight it is nice to have a seat that lies flat and a leg rest to elevate your legs. I selected one of the seats with a privacy door. While the other seats"
JetBlue saves the day!!,"Had to purchase last min tickets after Avis Rental car basically left us stranded to get home from Florida to North Carolina. Tickets purchased easily online, able to save our boarding passes to my Apple wallet. Check in was smooth although needed help printing out tags for our"
Great airline,"Good prices, great customer customer. The seats have more room that other airlines and they have free movies to watch"
Simply terrible.,"Flight 1 to Providence: Cancelled for mechanical issues. Flight attempt 2: Tried sending us on a flight with a stop (that would take 6 hours) into Boston. Flight 3: Suppose to leave at 4, still heading to Boston. Then they told us we could get onto the plane at 525 and leave"
MINT,What an excellent product. Best in the US for sure. The flight and service was absolutely perfect. The flight attendant Damian was flawless and very attentive. Right from the first refreshing mint drink all the way till we deplaned. Very comfortable seats. Food was excellent. A
The only airline that has not cramped their seats into kiddie size!,"Flight was short (less than two hours) and there was TV on board! Needless to say, the flight time quickly."
Worst customer service ever!,"Except for a short delay getting into DC originally, the flight from CHS was relatively fine (except for unexpected travel costs due to now conflicting existing arrangements). The issues began when my return flight at 8:30am was cancelled at 6:30 in the morning. JetBlue then"
Great Service,This is only my second time to fly JetBlue. They offer great pricing with exceptional service. No charge for 1st checked bag is always a plus with me. The plane was clean and comfortable. Attendants very personable.
JetBlue is still very good indeed,"Our flight was on time, and the whole thing went very smoothly. I watched three free movies that I choose myself from a long list, and the time went by very rapidly. We arrived in NYC early. The staff were all very nice -- friendly and helpful, and I have no complaints. JetBlue"
Good Flight,"Good service, ample legroom and timely arrival. Even though our flight departure was delayed on the tarmac because of numerous takeoffs ahead of ours, we arrived very close to the scheduled time."
BEWARE if you have a disability and Travelling on Jet Blue from FLL,The Jetblue Gate Staff for this flight denied boarding to my sister on Saturday afternoon simply because they failed to understand a very simple FAA & Jetblue directive with respect to the mandate for passengers with Portable Oxygen Concentrators (POC) that they must have
So much space,"I didn't even pay for the more space or even more space option. It was fantastic. I'm 6'1"" and I was very comfortable in the seat. Can't wait to fly again with them :)"
Bermuda-Boston,"We were severely delay on our return flight from Bermuda to Boston, but JetBlue kept us updated as well as provided meal vouchers and credits to our travel banks for the inconvenience."
IT'S NOT UNITED AIRLINES,"I do everything to avoid United. Living close to Newark, where United dominates, I purposely drive longer, pay more to avoid United. Jet Blue has never disappointed me. Free Satellite TV and wifi are well worth the inconvenience, especially for cross country flights."
flight delayed 36 hours?,"first the good news - the coach plus has a ton of space for my knees (i'm 6'4"") the bad news - after sitting in the plane for an hour - the 6am flight had a mechanical issue so we got off the plane. THEY WOULDN'T CANCEL THE FLIGHT until about 4pm - so we would have had to fight"
Excelent airplane,Always a excellent experience with this airline. Until now I never has any delay in my trips. the personal very attentive and profesional
NOT VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE ON BUF- FLL AND FLL - BUF,"Our family booked direct flights from BUF to FLL and return. The morning flight to FLL was delayed for about an 1.5 hrs as they had to wait for the engine to cool down for a ""routine check"". I believe this early flight is always an Airbus that had been flying continuously since"
First time with jetBlue!,First time with jetBlue and found it to be very nice. They have more legroom than the other airline I usually use and they ran on time. Staff very pleasant and the snacks good. Pricing was exceptional and know I will fly them again when I can.
"Leg room, free WiFi and snacks!","I booked my flight from Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale solely on price. Needless to say I was pleasantly surprised that there was leg room in economy(more than many airlines), free WiFi and free bag of snacks (brand name chips and pretzels)! I was coming from Toronto and this flight"
Well run cordial trip,If you have the choice of airlines I would suggest jetBlue. They are just a little more friendly and a little more comfortable than the other airlines. I especially like to power stations at each set and free wifi.
Good flight.,We were a little late taking off (20mins.) but only landed 10 mins. late. Crew was great. Snacks and drinks were plentiful. We hit some turbulence but knew what was going on thru communication from the pilot and the crew. Overall a good flight
Love Jet Blue,"I really love flying JetBlue because they are usually on time, have great flight attendants,and are usually reasonable. This was a 5 hour flight that was smooth, offered some good snacks and had a tv on the back of every seat. Legroom was very reasonable, and seats were"
Trip to NYC,"The fleet used to and from JFK was much better in terms of seats than when I usually use JetBlue to Fort Lauderdale from Barbados. This alone enhances the travel experience. The in-flight WiFi didn't work and to JetBlue's credit, they do give you a credit when that happens. The"
Jetblue Blues,"Paid $80+ extra for seat upgrade on second leg of flight from VT to SJC through NY. First leg of flight was fully booked. No room in bin for carry on. Soft drink was warm w/o ice and only 2 snack choices. On second leg, the seat was no better than the first and with carry on"
Excellent as usual,I will stay loyal to Jetblue because in the past 11 years it has given me the service i need and has even improved. It has free snacks and soft drinks. It still allows for no fee carryon. The pilot himself or his co tells us what to expect on a flight; if there will be
First Flight in 15 Years,"Had not flown in 15 years so I was a bit apprehensive about airport procedures and regulations. Jet Blue made it all very easy with easy seat selection process and no lines at baggage check in. The flight was smooth and quick. Rachelle (I think that was her name, she was a"
Mint class,I flew business class on this trip because of a recent physical limitation. While obviously more expensive it was worth it to me. The seat is not comparable to coach. The flight attendants were lovely but not over bearing
my favorite airlines,I actually had space between my knees and the seat back in front of me! Amazing! The seats were comfortable and the employees were friendly and helpful. Free snacks and drinks on the flight. The only thing they could do to improve is either allow a free bag with airfare or at
First time a charm,"First time flying Jet Blue since they don't fly to Des Moines. Got a great deal from Boston to Detroit for 1 day. Very happy all a round wish I could use them more. Good service, flight was uneventful, on time, no issues"
Consistent Airline,"I've traveled JetBlue numerous times for business and pleasure. All of my experiences have been very good. Flights are generally on time, when there was a delay I was notified ahead of time and never trapped on the plane for long periods of time. They are especially good for"
Great,I always fly jet blue everyone is very nice and great service flight attendants always on the spot love the WiFi and tv
True Blue,"The flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Provo was about 2 hours but seemed much shorter. The flight attendants were professional and helpful and friendly. Great service. The seats had plenty of legroom, 2 on each side of the E190 jet, no middle seats here. They offered free TV shows"
Very Nice Experience,The Jet Blue experience was quite satisfying. We were late leaving JFK but the pilot made up the time with extra to spare to connect to our shuttle bus. The terminal at JFK was very busy but very nice to spend 4 hour layover. We paid for the extra room seats on our way back
Again a Great Experience,"Great Flights going and returning. On time, Friendly service, clean planes. Check in easy and the JetBlue staff at both airports were extremely helpful. Love JetBlue"
"First time with JetBlue, really satisfied!",We took a flight from SFO to New York and from New York to Nantucket. We flew overnight from San Francisco. All the staff was friendly and professional! Free movies available. The only minus was freezing air con. You don’t get complimentary blanket in economy so it’s got to
Nice flight,The terminal is a bit confusing as the bird domestic and I yet atop all in the same terminal. The flight was very good and the crew both coming and going were very pleasant. Only one criticism if you are going to make the flight so cold please dont sell the blankets for 5.00.
Plenty of Space,"Although we were delayed leaving Las Vegas due to a low ceiling in Boston, JetBlue kept us informed at the gate area. The flight was originally slated for a 2:10 PM departure but didn't leave until 3:00 PM. Not too bad. Flight was uneventful and relatively smooth. Sat in 3A"
No wifi,"No WiFi, stewardess did nothing to address this, a lot of mumbling from other people on the plane. Started to work 15 min before landing."
Very poor service,"Very small and tight place between the seats and if you need more room you have to pay extra money upto $70 and buying the pillow, headset, and eye cover what a Joke??????????"
Good flight with slight delay,Overall flight was good and I love JetBlue’s legroom being 6’2”. Only hitch we had was a 30 minute delay in leaving Boston as our plane was late arriving from previous destination.
Weekend Getaway,My husband I flew JetBlue to Florida. I haven’t been on JetBlue for a long time. It was great to see the seats were upgraded to leather as well as the tv’s are now touch screen. JetBlue is my preferred carrier.
First time flying in 15 years,"I knew nothing about Jet Blue. This airline is first rate. Everyone I met was courteous, helpful, professional."
Best airline ever - above and beyond service,I don't even know how to thank the JetBlue people at the MCO airport. My 70 year old father on our way back from Cancun to Boston left his cell phone at the gate in MCO. Someone found it and we asked them to return to JetBlue lost and found. Edward and Indhira were so so helpful
excellent,Flying thru Aguadilla airport and in jet blue was a great combination. The flight was smooth and you pick up your luggage with no hassle.
stormy Boston,"Even tho it was likely the trip would be delayed due to weather, the airline did not announce it till the last minute. By then it was obvious to anyone waiting to board, that the previous flight had not even deplaned yet and flights were getting backed up. Finally they"
I love Mint service at JetBlue,"I love Mint service on JetBlue. The seats are comfortable and have plenty of outlets for phones, computers, etc. I prefer the even numbered seats that have the individual pods. The side by sides are fine, though you can be interrupted by seatmates passing through.If you have"
Girls trip to the caribbean,"I love JetBlue, the old JetBlue. They used to treat customer like this is an exception experience and now its more like any other airline. My one pet peeve is we paid for extra leg room and neither of us or rather large or tall but there was not really extra room (travels were"
Worst airline I’ve had,"I traveled with JetBlue about 5 times and 4 out of 5 flights where delayed about 2-3hours. I’m in the airport right now, weather is nice and clean and about 70%of the flights departures on the information board are delayed, and this is the last flight with JetBlue for me, I wish"
Jet Blue the bomb,Flew Jet Blue to and from Las Vegas Labor Day Weekend. Outstanding service from Start to finish. Made my travel very accessible with wheelchair service
OUR TRIP TO WASHINGTON DC,Was on time both ways. We were lucky to have had good weather allowing the flight to arrive earlier then scheduled.THe return flight was 1379.
god flight.,"the fight was good, no problems. snacks and coffee or soda was served. plane left and arrived on time. attendants were nice and helpful."
Mint,"JetBlue Mint is the way to fly. It's better than first class. From the time you check in until the time you leave the plane at your destination, you are treated like royalty. The seats are unreal. You can move them into a bed position and sleep during your flight. They give you"
Fantastic Flight,"The service with JetBlue was outstanding from booking, customer service, cleanliness of plane, friendly flight attendants, smooth flight and on time flight both ways!"
JetBlue rocks!,"Our flight from New York City to Bridgetown, Barbados was amazing! Lots of leg room and the flight attendants were so very nice..."
Always Happy to Fly on JetBlue,"I was in seat 22F on my flight from LAX to BOS and had plenty of legroom (I am 6'3""). The staff was very pleasant, the flight was on top and we arrived early at BOS. I always love flying on JetBlue since they provide free snacks and drinks as well as discounted food if you pay"
wonderful flights great destinations kind flight attendants and excellent rewards point system,jet blue has great destinations great staff great terminal at jfk plus they have a super rewards point system and credit card .don t have a problem with their service
First time flying JetBlue,I'd never flown JetBlue before. Everyone told me I would love it. It was a good experience and I would fly them again. Love that their Caribbean flights change in FLL and not MIA. Snacks are better and their wi-fi actually works. Love the Direct TV in real time too. Seats were
great on time flight,Great both on time flights. The only problem we found was at Jet Blue Las Vegas airport there is no outside check in. Most airlines did have outside check in. We like to drop our bags before we turn in our car and without outside check in we must carry our bags from the car
Rude flight attendants,I always fly with Jetblue but I did not like this flight especially the flight attendants. The 2 ladies were rude and not helping at all! Now the flight attendants are so short that they cannot help you lifting and putting your suitcase in the rack. It is the passengers who
Last minute flight,Flight was on time and comfortable. Seats are comfy in economy .The fight attendants are friendly and curteous
Extensive Delay. but still not a bad experience !,"My flight was delayed for 6 hours, initially because of mechanical problems (defective tire) , then weather compounded delay, and then the inbound pilots ran out of hours. I was not bothered by the delays as i was comfortable in the terminal. The JetBlue airport staff did an"
Different everytime,"I want to start by saying I do prefer flying Jetblue. There planes have the TV that is complimentary. That definitely makes time go by. You do need headphones or ear plugs to hear the sound though. They give you free snacks and drinks as well. However, my issue with Jetblue is"
Jetblue is the way to fly,"We always fly Jetblue after trying several other airlines,Jetblue is the only airline we travel with. A lot of leg room,very friendly hosts and when something unforseen and unavoidable happens,they are quick to find a way to compensate travelers. Would definitely recommend!!"
Pleasant fligh,"It was a great flight, on time with good service. I Fly Jet blue whenever possible because I know it will be a pleasant experience at a good price"
the best,"Jet Blue is the best; they checked our bags, and printed new boarding passes; flight was on time and bags were ready when we arrived; great inflight service even on short flight"
flight met expectations completely,"Flight left on-time and landed a few minutes early. Seats were adequate and better than most airlines. Knee room was adequate (I am 6'1"" 200lbs). This trip was booked with less than a week's notice, so flights both going and returning were full and had no pairs of seats"
NICE AIRLINE,"Jetblue has non-stop flights between Ft. Myers and Boston, making it the best choice between the two cities. Other airlines have you changing along the way, more than doubling your travel time. PLUS their economy class seats have more legroom."
Great flight,"I’ve flown a lot of airlines and this by far is one of the best. Comfortable seats, friendly flight got crew and a screen on the back of every seat. They even give you the whole can of soda and great snacks. Highly recommend them"
Jet Blue is Excellent,"Jet Blue is Excellent! They offer wi-fi at no charge, they provide entertainment as well as in flight snacks at no charge. There are additional meal choices at a reasonable charge. Would highly recommend flying with jetblue."
Always happy with JetBlue,We love flying JetBlue. They're generally on time and the crews are always fun and friendly. The drinks and snacks are always a nice touch and the new planes with the larger screens are awesome. The Seats are as comfortable and an airplane seat could be. We were bummed when we
Girls Weekend,Flight was uneventful and would use them again. Only drawback was the long time between the connecting flight to our final destination.
The Best Coach. Period.,"I can't believe I could actually tell the difference between an inch or two, but I could! Compared to Delta, SW, etc, the economy really felt roomier. First class, no. But amazingly better than all other carriers for the price. Also have entertainment in your seat which"
Pleasant and Comfortable Flight,"The Plane was comfortable, the crew were friendly, and the flight was smooth and departed/arrived on time. Oh yeah, and the airfare was affordable. What more can you ask for? I will definitely fly JetBlue again."
"Great Airline, Nice People, Comfortable Planes",Mint service is outstanding. The people that work jet Blue are always nice. The meal service with mint great. The Seat was excellent.
Exhausting,"We were the unlucky ones. First our pilot was coming from another city, which was delayed so we were delayed two hour, which adding the early arrival time to the airport it was a long exhausting day as a family. Plus we weren't prepared to have to pay for food on the flight, so"
Maiden Voyage on Jet Blue,"Hard to believe I’ve never been on a Jet Blue flight until today. But there is always a first time for everything. Before the flight I was a little annoyed about some of their customer service, but I learned some important lessons: We booked the flight through a third party"
Great,Flight was on time and crew was very friendly. They worked very hard to keep everyone happy and entertained.
Jet Blue experience was awesome!,Wow...the experience with Jet Blue was amazing from start to end. Navigating and booking tickets online was a breeze. Checking in at the airport was a breeze. Our checked bags were free thanks to my Jet Blue Plus WEMC. Also Jet Blue gave us TSA Pre Check boarding passes so we
"If they fly where I am going, this is the airline I take.","JetBlue is an airline I trust and if they are flying where I am going, they are always the airline I select. The main reason I love the airline is comfort. They have more legroom than other airlines. I also have found they are less expensive than other airlines. The flight crew"
Missed a day of Vaca,First time I have flown jetblue and I was not impressed. Our flight was delayed due to plane issues which took an hour to fix. I get it planes break and it was no big deal. The issue started when we sat in the airport for 3 1/2 hours because there was no pilot or crew. Which
Good Flight,"Flight was short, smooth, not expensive. They do have free Wifi, but it only worked for us for the 20 minutes we were over the US, which makes sense but still sort of funny. Airline staff was friendly as well."
I LOVE JetBlue,"Business trips can be challenging, but JetBlue makes the flight portion very comfortable. I appreciate their commitment to being on time, to providing a clean cabin and to providing a consistently positive passenger experience from the in-flight entertainment to the snack"
Great service,"I may have to change from the airline I travel every week for work to JetBlue. The fly attendant on this flight with Jet Blue was so polite, pleasant, and professional. She recognized my birthday. Service was great "
Fancy Flying,"I am always impressed by jetBlue. From the staff, to unlimited free snacks, I am always happy to fly with jetBlue. They really do have the most room in coach compared to any other flight, and the one free checked bag is hard to beat. Additionally, the pilot was communicative in"
"Old Aircraft, Direct Flight with no stops was nice","This was an old aircraft and both directions my entertainment screen did not function properly. We paid for extra legroom and the legroom in that part of the plane was phenomenal definitely recommend that. Seat was better than American but not as good as Delta. "
Pleasant Tranquil Flight,"Flight was delayed but had no problem with that since they had sent me an email advising me, had breakfast in the mean time. For the price the aircraft was clean and updated. The flight was smooth, and the stewardess were attentive to our comfort. They can improve their snack"
Fabulous Service!,First time we've flown this airline but definitely not the last. The service was exemplary; everyone on staff in every position was happy; courteous and so helpful. The flights were both on time and actually ahead of time in arrival. Professional at every turn. Competitive fares
"If they had more international flights and lounges, I'd switch.",Nicest flight experience I've had in awhile. The JetBlue people are uniformly nice and upbeat. I have a disability and they went out of their way to help me navigate checking and boarding. The seats had more legroom than other airlines I fly and they actually had snacks for
First Time Flying. Not Sure I'd Fly Again,"Going down to New Orleans, we had a layover in Boston. The planes are old, but a lot of leg room. They didn't have enough overhead space, so we have to check our carryon bag. They did offer free TV which was nice. Coming home BOTH flights were delayed which was annoying. The"
great!,awesome flight smooth and ontime! would recommend this flight for your next vacation. round trip no issues
A Bit Fustrating,Full flight. Attendants at the gate must have mentioned any number of times that the flight was full and that you were only allowed 1 roll-away and 1 item that fit underneath the seats. They asked for volunteers to check bags at no charge. Problem was this. They did NOTHING
No Entertainment,Nothing more frustrating then spending time to check-in online and get all the way through and be told they could not complete my check in. Frustrating since I had to wait until I got to the airport to secure seat assignments. None of the entertainment except for the map
I gave them a shot.,"I heard so many positive things about jetblue that i decided to give them a shot. Unfortunately my experience was less than positive. After booking, i did not receive any confirmation email or receipt for my flight. I called back no less than 3 times asking for this"
Direct flight from Boston to Cleveland,Not a lot of direct flights from Boston to Cleveland so this Jet Blue flight is convenient. What I like about JetBlue is they have live TV. I was able to watch the Pats 1st half game.
No my flight was NOT amazing,So JetBlue makes it a point to advertise all the perks you get when you fly. In my case the Direct TV didn’t work on my tv as well as the other 2 consoles in the row. Asking the flight attendants yielded an apology but no solution. An airline is only as good as their current
"Flights delayed, but still worth the price","Both round-trip flights were seriously delayed - the first by 2 hours, ruining our family reunion plans for dinner - but the price was so reasonable that I still think it was worth it. The seats were comfortable, with good legroom and the staff were all helpful and friendly. "
The best service,"Jetblue was amazing out of SJU. Their employees at the SJU airport were so prefesional and very customer service oriented. The flight departed on time and landed on time. The inflight service was amazing, Aircraft was very comfortable free snacks were serviced."
"Efficient, Reliable & Friendly",JetBlue is a good reliable and efficient service well priced for the product they provide. Seats were adequate. Checking in is easy with the app available. The airport facilities are good around the JetBlue Area in Terminal A in San Juan. There are a variety of options for
Big Weather Delay...But Excellent Flight,We returned from a fun weekend in NOLA. The flight to Boston was delayed by weather at Logan. But the JetBlue pilot and flight staff were excellent keeping us apprised and making the best of a bad situation.
Was A Smooth Flight,"The flight I took from Barbados to New York’s JFK international airport was a smooth flight. The onboard service was on point and the plane appeared clean and well maintained. My only let down was the on board entertainment, which can use some updating. Overall though, I would"
FANTASTIC FLIGHT!,"Nice Smooth Flight, Adequate Leg Room, Friendly Flight Attendants! The Gate Attendant Was Nice And Gave My Friend And I Adjoining Seats In The ""Second Row!"""
Great Airline - And We Got There in One Piece :),"Great airline, on time, clean etc. They got us from New York to Cancun safely and in one piece. Seating is a bit squished, especially for my boyfriend who is 6'1, but other than that it was perfectly fine. TV screens directly in front of every seat was a nice touch. We were"
Trip to New Orleans,"First time on this airplane. As a matter of fact, it was the first time I had heard of it when I was booking passage. Wide seats, lots of leg room and overhead storage. Hugh interactive screen on the seat backs. Clean inside and attentive crew. A real pleasure in relation to Air"
"Cheap flight,not cheap service",I had no problem with their website etc and the staff was competent at the gate. Going through security was inane. But probably my fault as I prefer to drive and only flew because of the deal.
What's not to like,The airline staff was friendly. The flight went as scheduled. We even arrived earlier than expected. I plan to fly with this airline again.
Went Well,"We flew JetBlue Fri 21st Sept,7.30 pm to Las Vegas. On arrival at terminal 5 kerbside bag drop was great with helpful friendly staff, In departure lounge the food options had improved greatly since previous flight with them in June 2016. Plane left on time ,cabin crew friendly"
Ridiculous Customer Service Acts like Mean High School Bullies,We live in a world where companies do not have accountability for what they do. I was loving JetBlue for YEARS and they have lost a customer. Don’t be fooled. They are just as bad if not worse than United Airlines and the rest. They don’t try to make your experience better.
Delayed multiple hours both ways!,"Terribly disappointed that our flights were delayed multiple hours both ways. I understand things happen, but flight delays both going and returning was incredible frustrating. Generally enjoy flying Jetblue and hope this situation was just a fluke."
Tear-feasr,Received an email at 5:06am the day of our 10:25am flight: “Your upcoming flight has been cancelled. We apologize for this disruption to your travel plans. We’re currently looking at other flight options for you and will send you an update shortly.” WHAT? Was my first thought.
Smooth Flight and Arrived Early,"I took JetBlue from BOS to CHS and enjoyed the trip! JetBlue knows how to treat their customers well, take off and arrive on time and provide a great level of service. The flight was smooth, plenty of legroom for me in seat 16E (I am 6'3"") and it was nice to try some new"
Finally! People are now asked to wait for their boarding numbers!!,"FINALLY! JetBlue is asking people not to ""rush"" the gate and, wait for their boarding number. I fly almost every 3rd week between MA and FL. I use JetBlue to and from through Tampa or Fort Myers on a consistent basis. I also fly American and Delta as needed so the ""loyalty"
Unusual flight,"This was a first for me....I arrived in JFK hoping to board a Jet Blue flight to San Jose. The TV monitors said the plane would be diverted to Sacramento, but when I made a enquiry (I wanted to know what time that meant I would be arriving in SJ), the ground staff knew nothing"
Good Flight Experience Overall,I flew back to New Jersey on JetBlue. It was first time on this flight. I liked the flight because of the legroom. However plane was old so seats were not that clean. Just because of that I’m giving it 4 star but I’d definitely recommend it.
Efficient travel experience,Weekend trip to Chicago to see a baseball game with my son. I booked the flight a couple weeks before the trip and everything went smoothly. The flight was on time and the check in was seemless. Courteous flight attendants and east trip. I signed up for JetBlue rewards because I
Best airline in its class,"Very quick line thru security, ticket on phone speeds things up and going thru secriuty check,point excellent . Flight attendants & staff very friendly and great communication from the cockpit to passengers. Boarding was efficient. 9people blocking gate area is a problem as"
Smooth ride,"For my money, JetBlue is the best airline all around. We always buy Extra Legroom seats , unless it's a middle seat, which is definitely not worth the money. But the snacks are OK, the drinks are reasonable, the crew is always courteous."
Very Good Airline,"JetBlue is a very good airline. I fly with them whenever possible. Flight attendants are kind and helpful, seats are fairly spacious, snacks are good, in-flight entertainment (TV, satellite radio, etc.) is great. My only complaint is that I have experienced lengthy delays on"
RSW to HPN,"Great flight, timely with a professional crew that communicated throughout the flight. RSW's JetBlue staff were helpful with kiosk checkin and baggage receipt. HPN baggage claim had a quick pick up (especially compared to JB at JFK!) Plane was clean and with the exception of"
"Not the best flight, but ok","First time flying with this aircraft. Average. The service was good, not a lot of food offered (granola bar and chex mixs) only once during the almost 4 hour flight. One drink offered water, cola,sprite. You have to pay for your luggage which is a minus for me. Comfort not the"
Value for money flight,"Clean aircraft, professional service, nothing unexpected. The airline had not received notification from Kiwi.com that I had paid for luggage and I had to pay again, but this was not JetBlue’s fault at all. I would fly with them again."
A good way to fly,"Other airlines have been modeling themselves after Jetblue introduced the personal video screen, per person, so you know it's a hit. It just makes the time go by faster and since I fly back and forth a lot from NY to PHX, it really helps to keep me entertained. My only beef with"
Very comfortable internal flight,A short flight from New York to Orlando. We were delayed but due to weather and no fault of the airline. Flight was comfortable and free WiFi was available in-flight. Offered soft drinks and snacks. Would recommend.
Disappointed,"We have always chosen JetBlue because of the leg room and able to pick your seats. I was disappointed for the first time in the check in situation. Both ways we were unable to get our boarding passes at the kiosk,We asked for help both ways. I was disappointed with the"
non-stop flight right on schedule,"Thin staffed at Albany but flight was OK and on schedule. I'm now flying at least monthly and nice to see a flight with nothing wrong. Chose them for cost, non-stop."
First time on JetBlue. Great consistent customer service,"This was my first time flying JetBlue, and I have to say I was very impress with this airline. They offer great customer service all around. First: It was easy to navigate on their website. I was able to process and purchase my vacation tickets quickly. Second: Upon"
Overall Excellent,"As my first internal flight in US being outside of Australia I have to say we were very impressed with JetBlue, it was a very New (2 years old) A321. Staff were very friendly and professional. We were in upgraded economy with a great deal of leg room. Seats were very"
I Love JetBlue!!!,My flight was smooth and we got there in no time. The crew was amazing and of course flying with JetBlue I always get a new favorite snack.
If you care about your experience.,"I travel a lot. Jetblue has many reasons to fly them. One of the best reasons is their leg room on standard flights with no upgrade. More room than any other airline! For a small fee you can get even more leg room. Fabulous. For example, I recently flew air Canada and paid for"
Love Jet Blue,Such a great experience flying with 4 children and 5 adults. The staff was wonderful and friendly. The pilot did an excellent job of keeping us updated and the flight was smooth. I highly recommend JetBlue
Crossover flight leg room very good,"Cross country plane economy seating is more than comfy, more legroom than other airlines I've flown. The attendants were helpful and seemed to enjoy their job. They even had some air wings for the grandkids...."
"Nonstop from Boston, Always a Winner","Everything was perfect, left Boston a little after 7 and arrived in time for lunch. This flight arrived about 15 minutes early, always nice. Service on board was great. The crew was responsive to needs of all passengers."
Quality Service,"It was my 1st flight on JetBlue and it will definitely not be my last. JB did everything right in making my trip\flight to Turks & Caicos a pleasurable experience. Although we were slightly delayed, they were able to make up the time. I would absolutely recommend JB as the"
This airline has the most leg room by far,This airline by far has them most value of any airline I have used. Wi-Fi was included. I have plenty of leg room even though I was in economy class. I want to say we had access to television as well. All of this was at no additional charge.
Smooth flight as always,"I've flown on jet blue about 20x and it's always been a pleasant flight. They organize things very well when boarding passengers,and the snacks plus the movie selection is good as well. I always fly jet blue."
Smooth flight,I would like the first of all thank JetBlue for the complementary birthday Jack Daniel drink that they gave me and card that said happy birthday from JetBlue that was very very awesome and made my birthday one to remember..
Flew JetBlue Mint for the first time and it was not as great as I hoped.,I was so excited to fly mint on a route that I frequently travel aboard Alaska Airlines. I had read about the mint product first from the points guy and he had nothing but good things to say so I had a preconception in my mind that it would be excellent. The flight from Seattle
TRUE BLUE,"Excellent service. Pleasant airline crew members especially on the return flight on October 2. Leaving Jamaica on September 13, was a bit challenging as the flight was delayed and facilities on board were limited. Some crew members seem tired and did not display the"
A very good domestic airline!,"Great domestic airline. Of the 4 that we utilised in the Sates, this was the best by far. The kids loved the help yourself snack and soft drink (soda for Americans!). Clean plane, great staff. Best by far!"
The worst air service,"Booked flights to New York 5 times and always delayed atleast by an hour. I'm not even exaggerating in the least. Just when I thought things couldn't get worse, they cancelled a flight and offered to put me in the flight that leaves 24 hours later. They cancelled the flight"
Red eye to Barbados,The flight was prompt and we arrived on time. I had the middle- even more space seat and still found it to be uncomfortable. I didn’t get the sleep I thought I would. The red eye flight is non- stop and was full. The red eye gives you the opportunity to enjoy the full day in
Excellent pilots,"Pilot was excellent. He was able to land the plane under very turbulent conditions. The Flight attendants were very friendly, helpful and experienced."
Good flight,No isses. It was a good flight both ways. No turbulance and i had a window seat both ways. My seat didnt go back but tv was working fine. Soda was dirty on rim of can all the way arojnd and the chips were old. But also ordered the pay for box of snacks - no issues with that
Basic economy airline,"I have flown JetBlue 1/2 dozen times in the last couple of years. They are a mediocre airline at best. In terms of seating, you have plenty of leg room and the seats are nice sized. However, everything is extremely outdated, there are no frills and the boarding process is also"
Worst experience of my life,I really thought I was going to die. The plane dropped in air. The whole flight not once did the pilot speak or re assure us. The air hostess fell from the flight dropping. And she said that she broke her wrist on a previous flight . We really thought that we were going to die .
On Time and Friendly Service,"JetBlue is great value. They have comfy seats, offer a free checked back on longer flights - even for economy, the attendants are friendly and the food and beverage choices are better than most other domestic airlines. Poeple that complain about not being seated together need"
Flight was great!,"Flight was on time, the flight attendants were very nice and the entire flight experience was very pleasant"
Flying Blue!,Flew JetBlue from NYC to Washington DC. Nice flight--no problems. Nice size plane with good legroom. Cabin service was great. Would fly this airline again in a heartbeat. Nice size plane for the short hop.
Name change policy,Normally I don't write reviews but this experience was horrendous. I booked my return flight with Jet blue through Expedia about 4 months in advance of my trip and I had gotten married shortly before that and was going lots of admin to chance my name on multiple legal
Best airline I've ever flown!!,"I thoroughly enjoyed my JetBlue flight. The plane is very comfortable, with more legroom than I've had on any other flight. JetBlue is extremely generous with the amount of food and drinks they offer, offering a marketplace at the center of the plane with free drinks and snacks."
"Booked months in advance, not seated together",Booked this flight 7-8 months in advance. At the time I could pay additional $ to pick seats in 2/3 of the plane so I know it was not yet booked up. Come check-in time my wife and I were seated separately. Assuming this is due to jet blue preferring to sell window and isle seats
Very efficient,"We flew on the first leg of our journey to Ireland on JetBlue. Our tickets were reasonable and seats comfortable. The crew was very efficient with drinks, snacks and picking up the garbage."
"Have being flying with jet blue for over 9 yeaes now. Airline staff is great, entertainment and on time is great.","Lovely flight great staff, traveling on time was good, Information on flight is given as need. Pilots give update on flight before and after"
Once again Long Beach showed us the love,"Long Beach is a great airport to fly from -- it is a two-minute walk to the terminal from your rental car. It is a small and friendly airport with nice facilities; you can relax airside in the outdoor space, the dining areas, or in seats aside the floor-to-ceiling windows."
absolutely no complaints,Paid a few bucks for extra leg room and the cost was justified. This was a red eye flight that left and arrived per stated schedule.
Great!,Traveled with my 95yo. handicapper mother. Assistance from arrival at airport to boarding. Great attitude by the staff.
"On top of everything, very comfortable, enjoyed the flight",Really enjoyed the experience from Jetblue. Checking in was easy at both our home airport AND the return at Orlando (which is a very busy one). At our home airport the announcements were made frequently and kept us informed. Flights were on time. Once aboard the staff were
Nonstop roundtrip to Punta Cana,"Both trips were on time, my only complaint would be that on the return trip it was an older plane with the smaller screens for the movies"
Very nice,"Wifi, Direct TV, Movies and other inflight features made this trip one of the most enjoyable flights I've had in some time (including domestic and international trips). Comfortable, convenient and punctual. The only con is that the flight boards earlier than normal"
Never disappoint,I love JetBlue because they have so many direct flights and because they support disaster victims/law enforcement in times of unforeseen circumstances. Going down I treated my cousin to business class and coming back economy. Both were comfortable. Their flights are always
Mint Service was Fabulous!,"Second time flying Mint Service. Better than any other first class on other airlines (United, Delta). Seating is incredible - full recliner to bed. Gave us a comforter and fluffy pillow and noise reducing earphones - not earbuds. Flight attendants were wonderful but the real"
Always a pleasure,On time departure. Courteous service. Arrived a half hour earlier than estimated. I've flown JetBlue to many destinations and I'm always pleased with the service.
Horrible customer service and rude flight attendants,I was flying with my friend from New York to SFO on flight number 1415 on October 2nd and I requested for a window or aisle seat. The flight attendant told me that there are none.. I accepted that then my friend rushed to my seat telling me no one sitting next to her and there
First Time On Jet Blue,"A group of 6 booked on Jetblue for our first time and Loved the plane,and TV. Gave full size snacks and full can of drinks with glass and ice. Leg room was good, We will book again with this airline."
JetBlue Flight back from Cancun Mexico,"Took JetBlue back from Cancun Vacation and it was a wonderful experience. Both going and coming JetBlue requested volunteers to use the check luggage option at no cost. It was great and our luggage arrived in our destination airport with no problem, even though we had a 5 hour"
flying blue skies,"jet blue stewards are helpful, my TV wasn't working the steward came over to help and showed me how to fix it. they are all friendly"
delays all around and no notice sent by email or text,"on a recent trip almost every leg had a 2 hour delay. we made a connecting flight by 5 minutes. if we couldn't make it, we would have had to wait 24 hours for the next flight. additionally no notice was ever received by jetblue of the delays."
Great airline experience,"Jet Blue does it right, easy boarding process, relatively comfortable seats and the blue chips....flight attendants were personable and generous with the drinks and snacks. Traveling nowadays isn’t always enjoyable but Jet Blue has a business model that works."
pist,the plane that we were to use was diverted to be used at another airport and our plane lasted about another 3 hours to arrive. I called jet blue for some type of refund they stated due to weather they did not have control. the people that were departing from the plane I asked
left on time with very pleasant crew.,I think Jet Blue is really great. Everyone is happy to be working for the company (or so they seem). All of our flights left on time.
JetBlue Is My Coice Of Airlines For Travel To Cancun,"We've flown many airlines to our trips to Cancun, but JetBlue is always on time and the equipment seems to be newer and they seem to have the most legroom and comfort. We always try to fly non-stop so JetBlue usually has flights that fit the bill and on the times we want to"
Mint class is the best,We flew JetBlue in their mint class (first class) any really enjoyed the experience. We usually fly Delta but we could get mint class on Jet Blue for the same price as economy comfort on Delta. The seats were lie flat which was nice with a comforter and nice pillow. I like
Always a must to fly,Always Fly Jet Blue whenever you get the opportunity. Jet Blue offers more on their domestic flights then any other airline I've flown
The best airline compared to others!,"This is not my first time flying with JetBlue, and I have to say always received excellent customer service. From the website perfectly designed, to first quality customer assistance over the phone, to the on board attention to passengers, to the welcomed friendliness of"
Smooth like butter,"One minute we were on the tarmac, the next minute we were up in the air. Normally I'm trying to pop my ears from the pressure but I had no issues whatsoever. The staff was very nice...the attendant even addressed me and my husband by name as she passed out snacks. Best flight"
Bad Service,Our flight got changed last minuet and kept being changed. We missed our connecting flight internationally and had to pay $150 to say one night at a hotel in NY. on top of that they broke our band new suitcase (looked like someone ran it over) gave us 2 new bags but when we got
Love JetBlue for Economy Travel,"JetBlue is our go-to choice for economy travel. We have tall (6'3"" and 6'5"") members in our family so we always purchase the extra space option. We also like that there are tv screens for entertainment. Our flights have always been on time to New York, Washington DC, and"
"Great flight, great personnel","I felt so comfortable and appreciated on this flight. Specifically, on my return flight, the flight attendant, named Chris, knew my name and was most helpful with my carry on, and my cheese.lol. Our TVs did not work, but was quickly offered a drink on them. I politely declined,"
I am done with Jetblue,I am traveling to see colleges with my daughter. I went to Charleston SC...I just can't seem to get back. 6 delays allegedly due to a delay in Boston on tarmac. I am now getting back the next day so I am being charged another day for parking. I said something and JetBlue
Good service & value,"Very good on all counts. Staff excellent, plane clean, seats comfortable and the entertainment good. Food (snacks) were good."
Overall a good experience,"Our flight to Bermuda was almost on time, but got us to Bermuda in under 2 hours (that's all I ask for once we take off). Check-in and boarding process - I don't like that I have to check in, print boarding passes and tag our checked bags. For the price you pay to fly now - a"
Excellent Airline Keeping Traveling Comfortable,"Many airlines are squeezing passengers and seating space, eliminating snacks, and reducing the overall comfort of flying. Not JetBlue. Our seating was comfortable and in flight movies, television, and flight tracking were available. The free snacks were great as well as drinks."
Always Accommodating,"Traveling with my 93 yo Aunt can be challenging, but the flight crew was delightful and took excellent care. My husband was also infirmed on this particular trip, and the staff and crew were so kind at every leg of the flight. We seldom fly any other airline and are grateful"
"Delays, Delays, Delays","These JetBlue flights to the Dominican Republic, all seem to round trip from either Santo Domingo or Punta Cana to JFK and back again at 4 hour intervals all day long. So if one leg has a mechanical or weather issue, it backs up into other flights being delayed for the entire"
Awesome Flight from JFK to LAX,"Jet Blue as always have proved themselves to be a great airline, The staff was super friendly and helpful. The experience was enjoyable and the flight itself went off well and smooth."
Change in flight,JetBlue exceeded my expectations. I had to change a flight schedule due to a death in the family. JetBlue helped me make the change and I got the flight I needed. I will certainly continue flying with them.
What tine is my flight!!!,I generally love Jet Blue. But they were really not their best on August 31. I was supposed to fly out to Ft. Lauderdale around 6 PM. I got SMS from Jet Blue that my flight would be delayed by ~1.5 hours. I called car service to adjust pick up time. han I got another
Always fly with blue!!! Best ever.,Another successful trip on JetBlue Airline! We always use this airline because of the really good space even without paying for extra room. Well organized staff and best inflight movies and live tv! We have been flying JetBlue for 20 years and only had two delayed flights in all
"Great staff, on time, good seating, ala in all a nice flight.","coach plus seating for a low price, free beverage and snacks, maybe service is returning, I also appreciate the direct flight"
JetBlue Nonstop to Vegas,"JetBlue from Boston to Las Vegas is nonstop and I've been flying them on this trip the past 4 years without a problem. Usually take the evening flight out of Boston and the red eye back for the best fares. I worked for a great airlines for 21 years, but unfortunately Delta"
First time traveling with JetBlue,"Our travel with JetBlue was amazing! Plenty of room, TVs, nice flight attendants, good snack service, nice flight including take off and landing! We flew from Pittsburgh to ft lauderdale flight 2007 and the one flight attendant I forget his name was hilarious and made an early"
My favorite airline to fly,"I always prefer to fly JetBlue. I've had no complaints regarding customer service. The seats are comfortable. I especially love that each seat has WIFI, satellite radio, and control of your own personal television with cable and movie channels. The Even More Space seats are sooo"
Unprofessional customer service,"I encountered an agent working the desk at the gate by the name of Christian. He was rude and obnoxious. His behavior made such an impact, I emailed Jetblue. I have not heard back from them. U have been flying Jetblue for many years. I have seen the decline in their airport"
The worst fligh coming back home Sunday 23 fligh was at 3:45 . STI to JFK,"I love Jet Blue , the service and the plane are the Best But this time it was bad coming back home We paid more money to be confortable , more space but In the seat 1A , that person ( male) was talking loud for the 3 hours fligh and on top of that in the 3A was a toddler"
"Good on-board Service, acceptable seats space","One of the best airlines in the USA.good leg room, friendly service always on time (weather permitting)"
I got sick and am still sick.,I just want everyone to know that i was so happy to be going on vacation Flew on Friday. Had strep throat and pink eye by Tuesday on the week long trip. I have since really learned that the planes are not cleaned of germs etc Couldn’t believe my sore throat could be strep
On holiday,All the way Very good service from check in to luggage delivery. Very cordial staff. Flight are on time . Cabin service also good. In the flight they serves snacks & beverages at no cost.
Punta Cana Airport and Jetblue Airlines,"It was the worst. In my years flying, i had never been checked so many times and the amount of times that the passengers had to show there passport was ridiculous. EVERYONE WAS COMPLAINING! We literally had to show our passports 9 times before sitting in our seat at the plane."
Handling my luggage,"The flight was good - actually, I have rarely experienced such friendly flight attendants. They literally smiled the entire trip. However, when I got my suitcase - it came out broken which I didn’t notice until I got home. The suitcase is about 4 months old and cost $160 -"
Excellent Way to Fly Economy Class,"JetBlue treated everyone in my party with respect throughout the entire trip experience from check-in until we picked up our luggage. Everyone, without exception, was friendly and cheerful even in EC. The seats were wide and comfortable. There was plenty of leg room for me"
Very Impressed,"Today, we took my niece on her first plane ride with JetBlue airlines. From the moment we checked our bag until the moment we departed the plane we received exceptional service from everyone. I was very impressed! Justin Vasquez was the gentleman who assisted us with checking"
Killington Vermont spartan ultra race weekend,Jet blue has honestly been the nicest most comfortable airline i have been on so far. only bad thing is departing we got a 2 hr delay.
Easy,"Jet Blue is our go-to airline. Though air travel is certainly not easy these days, this is a good as it gets."
Always great!,The jetBlue is my favorite airlines. Service is always friendly and professional. I have been flying with them for many years and never had any major issues.
Staggering Failure,For the 3rd time this year for me traveling from CHS to DCA Jet Blue cancelled the return flight to CHS. The plane going to Boston before out flight was cancelled due to mechanical issues and then our flight to CHS was cancelled due to mechanical issues. Simply a staggering
DO NOT DO IT!,"Where to begin? All 4 of my planes were VERY old, with very small screens that left little to be desired. Only one of the four had a charging port that hardly worked. There were no complimentary alcoholic drinks on our international flights. You have to pay for blankets and"
Always like this airline,"On time. 50 lbs of luggage. Wifi, free drinks and snacks. Very clean and newer interiors. I did pay extra for reserve seats."
On time departure and early landing,"Professional and smooth. We flew extra legroom. Flight was last minute, but my wife and I could sit together by trading with other passengers"
jet Blue,I was so happy to fly with jet blue excellent service and flight I was happy that jet blue doesn’t overcharge let’s you bring a luggage on and use there overhead bins without a charge let’s you watch tv or a movie for free and have internet without a charge ! Thumbs up to jet
Not as family friendly as they seem,"We were so excited to fly JetBlue thanks to all the reviews on how great they were for traveling families. Well, that was wrong. Per their policy on their website those who need assistance get to board early. They never called for us and we were stuck hauling two small children"
Early flight,"Flight left Portland on time.Was quick hop to jf k gates were as short walk. Enough time to grab coffee. Than on to San Diego, plenty of leg room. Flight crew was very helpful lots of snacks and drinks. Nice and quiet. Arrived early but had to wait for plane to back away from"
"First time with this airline, and was very impressed","I had never flown with JetBlue before but they offered a direct flight from Tampa to Bradley, which took me 20 minutes from my destination. Everything about the experience was great - the checkin process, stress-free boarding, plenty of legroom, plenty of space in the overhead"
On time!,"With all the storms at the time, and by that I mean 2 hurricanes, our trip was smooth and on time. The captain and staff were great."
Not up to par,"Heard from numerous friends, JetBlue is my favorite airline to Florida, you must try it out. Being a loyal fan of another airline with service to Florida I decided it was time I gave it a try. Boy, at first I was pleased with assigned seating no worries. But thats where the good"
Took the time to respond to my needs,"Days prior to my direct flight of 5 hours from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas, I hurt my right knee at the gym. I had needed a brace and called the airlines to see if I could possibly move my seat. Not only did they move my seat to a larger area (free of charge) but also"
"Nice - professional, polite","Nice flights, good pilot on takeoff and landing. Plane was clean and neat. All staff - from ticket counter, baggage drop-off, cabin crew - were professional and polite. This was flying done right. Economy pricing and really good service. Hope it lasts !"
Flying Blue,"The flight was okay nothing out of the ordinary, It met my expectations. The cost of the flight was reasonable all things considered globally. Even though my return flight was delayed due to bad weather I was okay with it as I am a stickler for safety first. I liked they email"
JetBlue is tough,"I went during the time when there was a storm in N.C., however, that did not affect the toughness of JetBlue airlines. Of course, the reasoning was given when it came to the route since JetBlue shows where the plane is, I saw it went a little more west before going to Charlotte."
Great Airline,The flight was great and the entire family enjoyed it. The leg room is too big. Flight attendants are so friendly.
My Dream Airline,"As far as I am concerned every airline should look at JetBlue as the gold standard! I had a ton of leg room, used WiFi uninterrupted during the entire flight and had healthy snacks in abundance for an incredibly low price! I will happily fly with JetBlue again."
Hot coffee dumped on my face by attendant,"During my flight to Aruba a flight attendant hit the hot coffee pot while it was as on the beverage cart right next to me, and it dumped all over my face and chest. For the next 3 days I couldn’t go in the sun as it would cause me pain from the sensitive burn. There was no rail"
Nicest People,I had a flight from Anchorage that landed in Seattle and then had a 4 hour layover until my flight to JFK would take off. I went to an inactive gate and took a nap on the chairs. The Jet Blue folks walked all the way over to find me and woke me up so that I would not miss my
Nice flight,We had a great flight out and a great flight back. The plane was on time. The snacks were good and the fight attendants were attentive.
JetBlue non stop Boston to Aruba,"On time, good leg room; no complaints. On time and on island by 12:00 noon. Great way to start the vacation. Return flight; no complaints; on time. They make you go to the airport with more than enough time to clear customs. Think they are trying to get you to shop a"
Always Perfect,The only airline I fly unless too expense. Lol! They always accommodate me in every way. Excellent staff with nice fairly new airplanes.
Right up there with Southwest,"JetBlue is right up there with Southwest. Prices are decent, staff is great and the one thing they have that is better than Southwest is the TV. It's nice to have that feature to make the flights go a little faster. Never had any issues with them and will always be an option"
Business trip,"Great customer service at gate, flight was on time. I use the app and its a great timesaver, plus you can check in and skip the lines."
finally!,"Finally an airline with enough leg room! A direct flight to Boston, decent drinks & snacks with no drama, will definitely fly with them again"
I love this airline!,"I've got to say that JetBlue does everything right. The employees are all friendly and very helpful. The free TV & free movies is such a great perk, along with the free Wi-fi which is very good - I never have any connectivity issues, allowing me to work the whole way (while"
First time w/airline--GREAT leg room!,"Was a great flight, really impressed by leg room in economy seating. Kudos! Was also surprised to have inflight TV/movie selections for short in states flight. Don't remember other airlines doing that."
Always a good Flight,"We always fly this carrier and upgrade to the extended seating. we have been traveling with them since they began flying. I can say the flight has always been good,communication outstanding and the planes are always clean."
Nonstop To Vegas,There are only two carriers offering nonstop flights from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and back... and we’ve been on both several times. We go several times a year. Initially the only nonstop was “Big Yellow”. It was a cattle car. We even upgraded for $100/seat each way to sit
Best flight. Go JetBlue!,Best flight Ive ever been on. Service wasnt over the top. The amount of room we had in our seats was exceptional. They gave out snacks and drinks during our flight. They had amazing in air entertainment. Great all around!
Love Jetblue,"We flew mint, which is only offrered on Jetblue’s Cross country flights. Such a great experience. Super comfortable seats. Premier service - meals, drinks, whatever you want. The seats recline to beds. A better value than Alaska first class!"
First Flight on JetBlue,"My first time on JetBlue I was a little uneasy to try an ""economy"" airline, if that is the proper term or category. I was pleasantly surprised. I normally purchase extra legroom in other top tier airlines but did not on JetBlue. Was very pleasantly surprised with more than"
Round trip flight. On return flight - our luggage was badly damaged.,"On our return flight from New Orleans to Ft Lauderdale our bag was badly damaged - one of the large 'pockets' in the front was almost completely torn off. They are telling me the bag was damaged before the flight, which is not only untrue - but absolutely absurd ! We will try"
"Comfortable, lots of snacks and water",This was a very pleasant flight. Free in-flight wifi and lots of entertainment options on the seatback TV. I love how you can help yourselves to snacks and drinks on JetBlue because I have often spent flights trying to catch a flight attendant's eye to get a drink of water.
Great Flight,"JetBlue was a wonderful airlines. Yes, the flight was running late but the pilot made up for it and got to Boston on time. There was lots of legroom, they gave you an entire can of soda for the flight, and unlimited snacks. I will fly with them again if given the opportunity."
Always travel on Jetblue,"Always fly on Jetblue since I have their credit card.Prices are always good, no problems flying. Planes need to be updated getting old, TV screen didn't work, If you have a carry on & don't get on right away chances are you won't find a spot in overhead. Overall okay."
Another Great Flight,We flew JetBlue to PR to catch a Royal Caribbean cruise. The flight left a few minutes late which they made up in the air still arriving on time. The flight was quiet comfortable with no issues. Service onboard was also very good. Leg room on JetBlue seems to be more that
Great flight and plenty of leg room!,"This is the first time a flew on JetBlue, round trip from Richmond to Fort Lauderdale. Our flight to Fort Lauderdale arrived 30 minutes early, it was great to get there early to start enjoying my vacation. I thoroughly enjoyed the extra leg room on the plane, that is great"
Well done JetBlue!,"Pay the extra for additional leg room, you will also get priority boarding which is a big deal, especially if you have carry on luggage."
Great experience,I have not flown in many years and was nervous about taking such a long flight. The flight was smooth and flight crew was attentive. The fact that it was a non-stop flight made it that much better. My only complaint is that there was not much leg room and the seats were a
Expensive but fast,"We fly whit this Airline, because they offer direct fly's. For our trip back to San Jose the Airline change the gate - without a inform. So we have to run (after we asked what is going on) to the other gate who where the check in - and we make it in the last minute. The service"
Great flight,I love that the seats were so comfortable and the leg room was great even though I didn’t upgrade my seats! Also there were tons of options for movies and shows for FREE! Loved it!
Average flight experience,"We recently flew JetBlue from Los Angeles to Boston. In the past we have generally had a good experience on JetBlue, but not this trip. The movies were not working which was disappointing. There was a lot of turbulence flying over the Midwest. The captain never came on to"
LOURDES R,"My husband and i traveled from New York to Aruba, and from Aruba back to New York Via Jet blue airlines in my opinion its the only way to go. Majority of times flights runs on time. Space on airplane is adequate and movies are good. No complaints is the only airline we fly."
Always a great flight,JetBlue is always a delight to fly. I flew JetBlue both ways while traveling to Dominican Republic and had no issues. Great in flight service with movies and snacks. The wifi was not working for most of the flight but that's not really a complaint with the movie options they
Best airline by far,"As always, flights to and from Denver were super smooth and prompt. The flight crew was friendly and accommodating. I never have any complaints when flying Jetblue!"
Mexico City direct from FLL,Direct flight from FLL to MEX in about 3 hours. Paid return ticket for $250. Spacious leg room and free carry on luggage. Great way to spend a long weekend at a great city. Free soft drinks and snacks.
Outstanding Flight and Crew!,"JetBlue is the only Domestic Airline I will fly with. Excellent safety record, clean planes, and pleasant service in flight! I enjoy the complimentary on board snacks! Thank you, jetBlue"
JetBlue is a Contender!,First time using JetBlue and I would definitely book with them again. The crew was very efficient as were the employees on the ground at DFW. Value received for the money was very good.
My favorite Airline . First in its class,"I love flying JetBlue hands down . Legroom , ease Of checking in. They are child friendly , WiFi inflight , snack options , tv watching options . Cleanliness . Customer service . It’s amazing . Once you go jet blue you never go back to another . Confirmed ! I had to take a trip"
Great Flight,"I recently flew from LAX to JFK on a Sunday morning. We arrived at the airport at 345 AM for our 6 AM flight. Just a heads up, NO ONE from JetBlue will be at the airport to help you until 4 AM. One guy showed up at 4:05 AM and then proceed to announce to everyone that had"
Great service,It was a good flight to and from Turks. Only issue is that the flights were delayed both ways. We got to the island 3 hours later than we were supposed to due to issues on their side and we got nothing for it. To get good seats you have to buy up just as a FYI.
JetBlue,"JetBlue is a great airline. I fly them very often without an issue. The legroom is fine, the in flight movies are always up to date and they give you a variety. The flight attendants a very friendly and courteous. JetBlue is always my first choice for affordable prices."
"First time on a plane with ""Mint""","OK. We were 3 1/2 hours late getting in to JFK, but of NO fault of Jet Blue. Donald Trump was leaving and the airspace around LAS was closed. Then a ground stop due to weather held us up even more. Any way, once on board - we were in Even More Space seats - we got settled. "
Aruba Flights,"I like JetBlue, I believe they are one of the best operators in the US, but was disappointed that we had no satellite connection for both legs of our flight to Aruba! and that means no TV and no wifi. the reason I go with JetBlue is for their wifi and TV and sadly they were"
Upgrade to more room.,"Love the service on JetBlue especially upgrading to the front of the plane (A1 and B1). The flight attendants have great attention to detail. Great price, will fly again."
My JetBlue Experience.,"This is a VERY GREAT airline to fly with! There are usually on time or early, and the turbulence is very minimal. The flight crew was very courteous and informative. I really love flying with JetBlue."
jet blue,"clean, roomy, smooth flight. good service, friendly. home flight #576. crew was not that friendly. plane was a bit dirty. flight was smooth considering change in flight route due to weather. Captain was great."
Seats are much too hard,Imagine sitting on a rock-hard bench for 5 hours. There’s no cushion in Jetblue’s Mint class seats. Why? Such a basic thing. First class seats should be comfortable. Duh!
Best airline,"Jet blue is one of the best airlines, have a lot of space, free entertainment and snacks. Service is great and the prices super affordable."
Flight crew entertaining,Very decent flight crew entertaining But that snack needs upgrade it's not easy to leave your house very early in the morning to catch a flight and All they serve is chips or cookies ...no I'm not looking a three course meal but how about crackers and cheese instead of cookies
JetBlue is one of the best airlines for domestic airlines for their legroom alone.,The only non stop carrier from Boston to New Orleans. JetBlue offers more legroom without having to purchase more legroom seating. Being a 6 foot guy I have never had any issues on their flights.
Awesome airline and staff!,"This was my first time to experience JetBlue and I was most impressed. Very courteous staff and on time. We departed Santa Clara, Cuba for Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. The flight attendant was smitten by Moosie and gave him a bag of cookies. Moosie even had his own seat and was"
Quick and easy flight to Orlando,"This was a great budget flight from Atlanta to Orlando. Lots of leg room and great service. The seats looked a little aged and the snack selection was minimal, but for a short flight, it was just fine. I would definitely fly with them again!"
A superior US airline expereince,"I flew round trip to Dallas from Provincetown, MA via Logan. The connection to Logan from Ptown was via a code shared Cape Air 10 passenger prop plane, a 20+ minute flight over Boston harbor with spectacular views of Cape Cod and Boston. The connection in Logan was 2 gates"
Airport Darkness.,I can't comprehend why and airline with a very good reputation and good customer service will fly from and airport that for what I saw was 85% in darkness driving to this location was done at night with the(HID) lights on and 45mph.not a good ride to take.the airline since it
This Air Line earns its wings,"My Husband and I have been flying with Jet Blue for sometime now and just love being with them. Flight Attendant are very friendly and very helpful starting with boarding and while in flight. We wish this Air Line would fly non-stop Orlando, Fl - Frankfurt, Germany we just"
Trip to San Diego,Our flight crew going to CA was much better than the return.If you asked for something you often were greeted with an annoyed tone on the return flight.I like Jet Blue as a rule
Jet Blue Using Flying Miles,"Great company better than United and Southwest , Newark International were Jet Blue has there hub easy to get through TSA. Ticket agents very good and crew great job every year , fami!y and I fly with this airline . Using my flyer miles gives me the great deal so I can go"
Mint Service is a Home Run,"The Mint service on Jetblue is hands down the best class of service in the United States. The pricing is very reasonable compared to other airlines first class and the seat comfort, and space is far superior. The food and service is great. Only thing that can be improved upon"
One of the best in the business,"JetBlue confirms itself as on of the best in the business: hassle-free boarding, plenty of overhead storage, generous legroom. On top of the serving them twice, snacks and beverages were available self-service for free throughout the flight and, icing on the cake, one of the"
"8th trip to Jamaica, First on jetBlue, that will never ever change.","Best 4 flights ever........ Period. I can't say it any more plainly than that. We had flown out of Baltimore and Philadelphia over the past 10 years to make our way to Jamaica. Air Jamaica no Longer flies from BWI. We had flown US Air, Spirit and American. JetBlue was our latest"
JetBlue - the best !,"We just returned from a week in Nashville and were impressed with every aspect of the flying experience - great ticket prices, checking in on line, printing boarding passes ( Pre TSA check - so no waiting to go through security - loved that ! ) crew and flight attendants were"
Flight was redirected to gate after waiting inline for take off to escort someone off the plane,"Not sure why it took 1 1/2 hours at the gate to get someone off the plane and continue our flight. Several people with connecting flights, missed their connection. I scheduled this flight home to be home before 10pm, ultimately getting home at 11pm. I realize things happen"
"WAYTO GO! NON-STOP, NO PROBLEMS.","JetBlue is my favorite airline. The always friendly and helpful staff make travel a pleasure. Comfortable, roomy seating adds to the experience. I am a true fan!"
jetBlue from New York to Havana is a dream come true!,I fly this route often. The convenience of non-stop from JFK to HAV is awesome. The flight crew is always friendly and make the short 3 hour flight a breeze.
Fly in Mint condition,"Outstanding comfort for a domestic flight: the seats not only convert to flat beds, the leg room is better than many international carriers. Large touch screen video with good variety of programming. Great cabin service - a hallmark of JetBlue. Seating arrangement in Mint Class"
Jetblue Flight,"Great short flight to Santo Domingo. first flight of the day, never over crowded, perfect! No crowd, easy time in Santo Domingo Airport since it is still early. Customs is a breeze this time of day. JetBlue of course is the best airline, no question"
Arrived 45 minutes early!!,"Never in my life that my flight arrives 45 minutes early. It took JetBlue for me to experience that. All I can say is WHOA!! And to top it all, the stewardess jokingly announced to remember that experience next time our JetBlue flight got delayed. "
Excellent airline,Check in was very smooth. Attendants at the kiosks were very helpful and pleasant. Flight was on time. Airplane was clean and the leg room was great.
no tv this time,"flight was good, just no tv this time, little disappointed. seat wouldn't recline either. Seem to have trouble in the 6th row seats. We did land early though!"
GREAT,"My 60th trip to the Domincan Republic in 12 years, and did it with Jetblue Airlines. Been flyimg with them and a trueblue member since 2007. Always great service, just wish the had one than one flight going into POP."
First time on Jetblue,There was plenty of leg room and the seats were padded. The plane had wi-fi and free in flight movies
Another wonderful flight,"Both flights, departing and arriving, were smooth as silk. Plenty of room and fantastic crew. Love Long Beach Airport!"
Nice Flight,We flew last year and only snacks were available. This flight was after lunch but during dinner hours. It was wonderful to be able to buy a sandwich. It wasn't bad either!
Best Domestic Business Class Experience in America at Reasonable Rates!,"For this flight, I was able to grab one cheapest rates going for jetBlue's Mint class! For $299 I had the opportunity to fly in Mint for the second time this year! I typically fly Delta Airlines and fly domestically in their first class frequently, but jetBlue's Mint product"
Love Jetblue,"When we fly, we fly JetBlue! Consistently worth flying with. Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable service. I am not a fan of flying but I do realize it the only way to get around and have great life experiences. I do, therefore, enjoy the individual tv screens and choice of"
"Service, Value and Comfort","Air travel is so frequent that value has become the buzz word. jet blue provides just that and maybe more. Most important the flight was ON TIME for an early am flight. The aircraft is well maintained and the flight relaxing -as they the right amount of leg room (extra fee),"
Nice trip,We are pleased with the treatment received by the airline personnel as well as for the confort of the plane. The only thing we don't like is to pay $30 for each checked luggage which added too much cash to our expenses.
ON TIME AND PRICED RIGHT,"great fares when you book in advance nice selection or free snacks and beverages excellent inflight entertainment choices does not have proper long flight meal choices, so bring your own if you need restrooms more then normal, reserve seats toward the back"
Still comfortable but dated,"I fly regularly this route and I have used Jet Blue several times. The plus: Comfortable seats even in economy, good boarding experience always at JFK. most flights are on time. Free wifi while in US the entertainment system is old. Lack of healthy snacks."
Good flight,"Short flight since usually go to Europe. I don't like most US carriers and only holiday in places where I can avoid US carriers. Jetblue is the only US carrier outside of Hawaiian airlines that I take. It is clean, service is good and good value for the money. I will avoid"
JetBlue Vacations is no help!,"I did a vacation package for a work trip as it was discounted. I am staying at Hotel Sorrento in Seattle. It is unclean and awful (see review!). After getting no response from the front desk about my complaints about bugs, I called JetBlue. While the representative was polite,"
50th state,I was traveling to visit my 50th state. On the leg between Portland and ANC we were given sparkling wine. On deplaning in ANC I was met by an agent in the Jet way. Entering the terminal they had a welcoming ceremony for me welcoming me to my 50th state with welcome to ANC
The Flight was Comfortable,My flight to Barbados departing and returning to our destination left on time and reached destination ahead of schedule. It was nice to have access to free movies and shows as well as Direct Tv. The only thing I wish was different is that there were more Jet Blue straight and
Pretty Good Flights,"It has been about 24 months since my last JetBlue experience. I decided to try them again, while i usually prefer Delta, due to the flight schedules and seat availability. I left on Friday Sept 7th around 11:30 AM non stop to LGA from FLL.The flight was fully booked, and i had"
Good but what was the upgrade ?,Awesome plane JetBlue to Aruba but I paid for upgrade and got emergency seats same as extra room seats - already had that lol - short flight - JetBlue still better than the rest - delta is horrible
What has happened to Jet Blue,"I have been a Jet Blue fan since it started flying years ago. I have watched it grow and as my preferred airlines, I used it whenever I could. So much that I have been a Mosaic customer for many years. Lately however I have noticed a big change in customer appreciation. On my"
Boston to Atlanta,"First time flying with JetBlue in many years, and I was highly impressed. Usually on flights less than 3 hours, airlines will stick you on crappy planes and offer crappy service, but JetBlue did not. There was free wifi, charging ports, and a great selection of movies and TV."
Very disappointed,"We paid for 4 tickets around 1200 dollar. We supposed to fly from New Orleans to New York, but because of the hurricane Florence we couldn't drive to New Orleans because the hurricane was passing both Carolinas and that was the only way to drive from New York state. We called"
Travelled with a toddler,I made my reservation back in April for my flight in September 2018. It was the first time I was travelling with my son and my second time choosing to fly with jetblue. There was a discrepancy with my booking only to find out on the day I checked in that I had to pay for a seat
"Great airline, very comfortable","Flew from Buffalo to Boston on Jetblue for the first time. Great roomy seats, good service, warm friendly staff. God a free snack on the flight, even though it was only for 1 1/2 hours."
Going downhill,The aircraft was dirty and the flight attendants were inattentive. Very uncharacteristic for JetBlue. They have been my preferred airline for many years. Will be flying again later this month and hope that my earlier experience was an anomaly.
Excellent flight,"We had an excellent flight. We’ve never flown with jet blue before. The people were nice, great service, and smooth flight."
"Great comfort, service, and experience!","I was impressed. The entire flight to BOS was super smooth, the staff was friendly, and they had THE BEST snacks of any domestic airline - specifically these popcorn chips. So good! I highly recommend them for your next flight!"
Terrible Airline,The plane did not have blankets available for an over night flight. Virtually none of the screens on the plane worked.
Excellent,"Excellent from start to finish. Easy on-line booking. It was our 7 year old daughters first flight and we wanted to sit with her but the plane was pretty booked. All we had to do was talk to the flight attendant at the desk at check-in and I was able to sit with her. "
On time and Friendly service.,"Flight was almost full. Timely, organized boarding. Room in the overhead bins. Left and arrived early. Great Flight attendants."
Tiring,"Landed from Jamaica with my 11 year old child, waiting for my connection flight delayed about 5 times. My real gross is baggage why cant Jet Blue give one 50 lbs free the flight is already expensive."
The Life,"I recently had the pleasure of traveling Jetblue’s Mint Service( it is their first class) Wow is all I can say. I sat in 4A and had my own little room. Seat goes flat like a bed. A meal is served, drinks, hot towels and whatever snacks you want. Service is fabulous! You get to"
Only airline I'll be flying on for now!,"I have always used Delta, or US Airways, and I was always dissatisfied with each flight, there was always something wrong. And the price I payed was ridiculous! Flying with JetBlue was everything and more! The service you get is exceptional, they booked us with seats that we"
I can’t say enough good!!,"Flown JetBlue many times. I gotta say I’m always happy with the customer service, especially with requests. Only wish American Airlines would learn a lesson from them."
Round Trip-Newark to Orlando,"We flew in economy and always do. Unless you are exceptionally tall, there is no need to get extra leg room seats. Regular seating has plenty of leg room. The flight attendants were pleasant and always are in my experience. The snacks they provide are brand name and"
SCAM,My husband and I booked a JET BLUE vacation package to Bermuda. I specifically requested that we stay at the South Hampton Princess hotel. We had other friends going at the same time. Never being in Bermuda before I asked the young man that booked my vacation if this is the
Horrible customer service,I’m so sad to say that jet blue really disappointed me today . I was going to book a flight today . Manager Amanda was very rude to laughing at me on the phone . That’s never okay by a manager . My concerns number one The price between basic and plus. Cheaper for me to book
"JetBlue, none better","JetBlue as usual was flawless, had direct flights both ways and there's nothing better. The crew on both flights were awesome as always."
Another great JetBlue flight,Had another great flight on JB. This was our first time on one of JB's A321 Transcons. We flew in coach and lucked out and had an empty set next to us for the flight from BOS to LAX. Seats have lots of legroom and the seat back in front of you has a great mesh holder for a
Great flight,I always try to fly JetBlue the leg room is good and I love having my own TV that way I can watch whatever I want. My flight to Aruba was wonderful. Nothing to complain about.
Great flight from beginning to end,"Great flight from check-in through picking up my bag. Every staff member I encountered was polite, professional, and friendly. The seat was comfortable. The boarding on and off was smooth. They gave each of us a full can of soda or juice, and the basket of FREE snacks had so"
JetBlue Mint,No other wat to fly but Mint on JetBlue. Awesomeness!!! Wow what an experience. Loved everything about Mint service.
"The seats had leg room, very comfortable, the pane was clean.","Everyone working was friendly, seats were very comfortable, plenty of leg room. I will only fly Jet Blue after this experience. Love this air line."
Always JetBlue,"I always fly JetBlue because of their great service. We checked in on time but somehow was confused about the gate. IDK what happen, blame it on the excitement of taking a vacation. Anyway, JetBlue got us on the next flight without any inconvenience to our vacation. So, lesson"
Avoiding a storm,My recent trip home with Tropical Storm Gordon was never smoother. The pilot announced that he was going to change the flight path to avoid the storm. We arrived unscathed to Boston. It was great! I always fly Jet Blue Airways
Flying from the Sunshine State,Great crew quick efficient non-stop flight Love it!! Take this flight every time I travel home. Orlando check in can be a little nerve wracking.
This is now my favorite Airline,"Jet blue has the best service of any airline I have traveled on recently. American was my favorite airline for years... but they have lost the service they once had... And now I have no interest in flying them. The Jet Blue planes are always clean, and comfortable... and if you"
jetBlue is best non-luxury Airline,"It is hard to appreciate a flight home from a wonderful vacation. Even though we wanted to come home, we enjoy our vacation immensely. Somehow the flight was better than usual and the pilot made up about 45 minutes of time."
jetBlue ... has been the standard for good air travel,"This was a full flight (never a good thing). However, the flight crew was quick in getting everyone settled in and getting the cabin door closed. Service was consistent. jetBlue has great entertainment though my TV had bad color saturation (but if that's my biggest complaint,"
Outstanding Crew in this airport,"All nice to be helped by the crew in this airport, the jetblue staff is always nice , thank you Jessica and Deniel"
"Late Flights, Cancellations, High Fees",This review is for multiple flights from FLL to Jax over the past 6 months. JetBlue is famous for delays and cancellations. You typically get a credit for a cancellation even if they put you on standby on the next flight but you do not get anything for a delay. Several times I
great flight,"first time in years because i dont usually fly in their area but i would do more if the opportunity presents itself. current equipment, friendly service, good leg room, reasonable fair and on time!"
Most Legroom Ever!,"In almost 50 years of flying economy, I have never experienced as much legroom as with my recent JetBlue standard ticket from Boston to Punta Cana. I did not pay for extra space and at 6'3"" I am used to being cramped, but this was exceptional - my knees never touched the seat in"
We love jetBlue,Everything about our flights on our New England trip was wonderful. Check in went smoothly and the service on both flights was top notch. The seats are more comfortable than most and the free wifi is great.
Great Service,"I Have been flying with Jetblue for the past 8 yrs and the service every time is great from there mint to core seats. The food, snacks and inflight crew awesome. If you want to travel first class without the price tag this is your way to travel."
Excellent,"I do a fair amount of flying Useally up and down the East coast Fll-- Northeast This was a trip to Cal. to visit Mom. I flew Round trip non stop both ways. My first leg (Fll-Sfo) I had a window seat I thought it would be easy, fall asleep against the window, and wake up in"
Good flight,"When I fly I usually fly JetBlue. I have no complaints with the airline. I use most of my points from JetBlue to purchase airfare. I love the free movies, it makes the flight time seem shorter than it is."
Trip to Florida,I love JetBlue the only problem is tv not working. Great staff and on time flights easy website booking tickets.
Air Travel within the USA,I travelled with Jet Blue Airlines this summer and was very satisfied with the overall service provided by both the ground and in-flight crew members. The flights were on-time both taking off and arriving. There was good leg room between seats and the experience was very
Best Flight / Best Service,"From start to finish everything about this flight (and the return flight) were fab. The plane itself was super clean and tidy when we boarded (both ways), free wifi on board the flight with charging points in the seats. The staff and service was amazing, actually better than"
JetBlue to Aruba,The only way to go to Aruba - a direct flight. We left Logan a few minutes late & arrived in Aruba @ 25 minutes early. The crew was friendly & efficient in delivering out the snacks etc. No issues whatsoever. Always a pleasure traveling on JetBlue. Only negative was the fact
Big Problems...to be OVERLOOKED!,"JetBlue Flight 848 SDQ to FLL Big Problems...to be OVERLOOKED! Last August we had our confirmed reservations -as usual- for our direct 1706 Flight, from Santo Domingo to Orlando. Due to the time early departure we -as night owls- didn't sleep, at all, the previous"
very passenger friendly crew,the crew was very friendly and helpful. They behaved in a classy way and very accommodating.they were not rushed when talking with passengers.
Customer Service for Mosiac (highest status) passengers,"I flew back from Dallas for a business trip and the flight crew was extremely lazy. I woke up from a nap and wanted to order a whisky (free to Mosaic) members but declined as they were “approaching arrival” - we were about 40 minutes to landing and they said, we can’t serve as"
Family Fun,"JetBlue is the shortest way to get to Southern California in one little hop, plus Long Beach Airport is quick to get in and out. As to the service, its mediocre, but on time. The flight attendants services were quick and not to interested. But at least they don’t try to be"
Still tops,Great experience and no stress. Flights were on time and crew was great. The movies during the flight were a bonus.
"Wow, what friendly staff!! Great service and pilots. Felt safe.","Wow, what friendly staff!! Great service and pilots. Felt safe.Started in Long Beach at LGB. Easy check in, no hassles, at the JetBlue counter the staff is so positive! Flight was shorter than anticipated, and same on the way back. Really happy with them."
On time service!,"I always try to fly JetBlue. I wish they flew everywhere. I find the seats comfortable. The staff amazing. The service is always on time, unless it can't be helped."
Legroom for days,This was my first time flying JetBlue and it will not be my last. I’m 6’2 and having enough leg space without going to the extra cost seats in the emergency row is rare. This flight was just fine. The flight was over three hours and I didn’t get off the plane hitting with
Great flight. Thank you Jet Blue,Great trip. Always enjoy flying JetBlue. Flight crew very friendly and attentive to passengers. Best part is that the flight was on time for departure and arrived a bit early.
"wow, a customer friendly airline!","our first time on jetblu airline and we were impressed. Comfortable seats...repeat, comfortable seats!!!!! Free movies and all the free technical stuff plus free snacks that you hand pick...and get free refills. They also don't make faces with folks carry on luggage and actually"
I really felt like I was above it all....,"What can I say other than I enjoyed my flight. I am 6'5"" tall, so I didn't even have to purchase a special seat to have the leg room I needed to have a relaxed flight. Also enjoyed a free movie that was not too long ago released in theaters, coming and going...I had the time of"
Had 4 hour delay,Had left the hotel at 5:00 a.m. to catch a flight at 8:00 a.m. from Jamaica to Florida. We were supposed to hop on a plane at 4 o'clock and a gotta delay till 6 o'clock. I did not get home till 11:00 p.m. at night 12 hours of traveling unacceptable
Awesome as usual.,Cant tell you how much i like flying jet blue. For one thing the staff is so very helful and friendlu and the airlines stewardesses on this flight were diverse and awesome. Making a connecting flighto lisbon. We get to fly JetBlue on the way back.
Handicap Seating,After booking flight I contacted agent to arrange for private wheelchair stowage and was informed of Handicap seats... Agent reassigned my booked seats and refunded my fee for booked preferred seating... Made second call to get a frequent flyer number assigned and was provided
Worst flight delay ever,My flight #694 from Fll to bwi on 9-9-18 was delayed over 5 hours with no information relayed to passengers except the fact it was being furetjer delayed. JetBlue has not reached out to its passengers and provided a credit like the Comsumer bill of rights says we’re eligible
Flight Delayed,"Our flight was delayed from 12:35 PM to 2:35 PM. We had ample notice of the change. We were able to enjoy a leisurely Wine and Cheese Lunch at the Denver Airport. our flight crew, both captain and staff were outstanding. Very classy individuals."
"Freindly, customer service focused airline","We booked these flights as part of a three night vacation package at the Paris, Las Vegas two weeks before the departure date. There were plenty of seats available, so we were in the first row of economy on all four flights. Both planes to Las Vegas were completely full on the"
Phenomenal Experience,The first thing that I noticed were the seats. They were not your regular super small seats we are all used to now. They were wide and comfortable with great leg space. The entertainment was grand and they had all sorts of snacks available (in comparison to only a cookie or
Best domestic economy,"We fly JetBlue because it offers the best value for our money, great customer service. The domestic economy seats have the most generous legroom. My husband is 6’3” and he has plenty of knee room. JetBlue also has great personal entertainment system, and free WIFI. Staff are"
Sketchy entertainment,"Jet Blue loves to brag about their entertainment options onboard aircraft, but on my several flights in 2018, I have experienced issues each time with some of our seats either not working/connecting or no wi-fi connectivity."
Flyin' High: Non-Stop vs Direct/Connecting,"As a former '747-pilot', my wife & I are particular when it comes to air-travel priorities... with the most-important item being ""time-enroute"" (especially 'over the Pacific'). And while Southwest is a fine-carrier, it doesn't offer 'non-stop' service between our most-convenient"
Jet Blue,"Staff (i.e., stewards and stewardess) gave excellent service to all the passengers, they were present and attentive to the passengers needs. The flight was on time. They provided drinks and snacks the entire flight and continually collect trash and recyclable items."
I always expect better from them..,"Jet Blue is, I believe, the only direct flight airlines from Boston to Cancun. While I usually will go with the best price I have twice now taken the direct flight option. They have delayed me both times. Going down to Cancun, we were delayed multiple times adding on enough"
Always good - some delays,Going on time - returning delayed by over an hour. Always find them efficient and pleasant. Terminal at JFK very nice.
Slight delay but flight was good,We traveled on JetBlue for our recent trip. There was a slight delay as the crew was coming in from another airport. The flight itself was fine. The one thing confusing is the extra speed. In past flights we were able to forego the xray at security. The flight prior I had to go
Surprisingly great legroom and service,I must say I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of legroom in that A320 airbus! American airlines are not well known for great legroom; but Jetblue is different! And great entertainment as well; so far the best of American airliners that I have used!
Recent flight to JFK,"Better than average legroom, thought the planes were showing signs of wear. Good boarding process and service on both flights."
"Long delays, long flights, and lackluser terminal","After checking in 24 hours ahead of time, we felt all was well. WHILE at the airport, we were notified that the flight is delayed, and again delayed and again and finally cancelled. There was nobody at the gate to manage the customers for a while. We rushed to the customer"
Best airline,Free snacks and channels to watch oh yeah. Service was great! Would travel again on JetBlue and I recommend many to fly with them.
Fly JetBlue,JetBlue is without question the best run airline in the US. The staff treat customers exactly the way customers expect to be treated.
great flight,"Flight was smooth and service was good. I had a larger seat and with Tv's on back of seat, flight flew by"
Still my favorite,"Like the size of the seats and legroom, friendliness of the crew, pricing, family frequent flyer, and assigned seating. Wish we could get away from the ridiculous baggage fees."
Great Experience With Jet Blue,"We wanted to fly non-stop from RSW (FT. Myers, FL) to JFK (NYC) and were happy to see that Jet Blue covers that route. We were able to find a weekend with decent fares and we booked. Also happy to see that Jet Blue does not charge for a carry on or for preselecting seats. Our"
The Worst Flight I Ever Had!!!,"February two years ago my wife and I flew from Westchester County airport, which we live near to Fort Lauderdale, FL, no problems with that flight. We spent about 10 excellent days in Miami, Key West and Naples. At the end of the trip we were at Ft. Myers airport waiting for"
Fantastic Flight Attendant's,"During a recent flight while in the air my wife all of a sudden became ill, going to the rear lavatory, the attendant "" Popcorn"" saw my wifes condition, assisted me taking care of her. offered my wife a rear seat so she didnt have to travel far as she continued to get sick."
First Time on JetBlue,Very satisfied with the trip. Seats are larger with more leg room. Flight attendants very attentive and friendly. Would use again
Always the best,We always prefer JetBlue. Seats are more comfortable and larger. Has TV on every seat. Folks are exceptionally nice. I flew about 60 times per year and choose JetBlue above any other
Another great flight with jet blue,"JetBlue has always been my favorite airline. the flights are comfortable, the flight attendants are friendly , always on time and great legroom. I will always fly JetBlue whenever I get the chance. Thanks"
JetBlue,"Jetblue is the best! Reasonable fares, leather seats, Direct TV and plenty of legroom. lots of direct flights"
Pleasantly Surprised,"This was our first time flying JetBlue and it surpassed our expectations. The level of service from online ticket purchase to check in and boarding-everything worked well. The flight was on time, and although there was a delay with take off the Captain kept us updated. The"
Good Airline,Jetblue Airlines has a good reputation. Now I understand why. Smooth sailing through check in and security staff who dare I say were quite pleasant (Jetblue has own terminal at LGA). I was welcomed as I boarded and flight left on time. Seats were comfortable and flight
Great,"very smooth check in, friendly staff, plane spacious, WiFi was great, highly recommend; snacks were OK,"
Flying to our Cruise Ship.,This was my first flight with Jet Blue and I really liked it. The flight went very quickly. The best and most important thing was the leg room was so much better than other airlines. I will choose this airline again due to the leg room.
JFK to NOLA,"Smooth check in, departure on time, smooth flight, smooth landing. All basics covered by just using points."
"Jet Blue, My favorite airline","I always fly Jet Blue, and travel often from Savannah to Boston to visit family. They are always very kind and accommodating. I recently flew with my registered service dog. Everyone from the person I spoke with on the phone prior to my trip right through check in and in"
Ergonomic Flight,Well even though I had the trip delayed because of air traffic it was a comfortable trip. I must say that it was much better than when I came back to PR through another airline... I guess on my next travel I will use again their airline services.
Great and efficient airline,Always on time and love the updates I get on my phone about flight time or issues. Love the airline just need plugs under the seat for charging.
Excellent Airline,"I try to fly JetBlue for several reasons. JetBlue has a great record for being on time. The planes are updated and clean. Even when flying economy class, I have always had enough leg room. I’m always given an entire can of soda or juice, and the chips, etc, are good-sized"
Great flight,Always fly jet blue as long as it goes to where I am going. Free tv. Comfortable seating and with plus you get a free bag.
"Usually on time, seats have decent leg room, each passenger has a TV and movie options, free snacks and coffee,juice or","JetBlue I have found is the best airline when traveling from Orlando international to anywhere in the Caribbean or Central America. The flight to San Jose Costa Rica is direct and takes approximately 2:45 minutes. The price is usually competitive to any other airline, and"
Let your spirit and soul fly BLUE,"Love Jetblue great customer service, great prices, comfortable seats, and best snacks. Always get the best deal with Jetblue."
Great flight,"Great flight,easy boarding, on time, staff on the plane friendly! Just started flying JetBlue because I travel a lot to Tampa, I love their nonstop economy flight."
Love Jet Blue,We flew from West Palm to Nantucket connecting at Kennedy. Flew back through Logan. All flights were on time. The itinerary provided short but manageable layovers. Just enough time to grab a bite. Jet Blue has always delivered us to the Northeast efficiently and competently.
A L o n g Day!,"We traveled home from Westchester, NY to Orlando on September 10th. Since the weather was very rainy, we wanted to get to the Airport early. We arrived at the airport by noon for a 2:30pm flight and checked in, prepared for a couple hour wait before boarding. Little did we"
I love Jet Blue!,"Went to NYC for my anniversary this past July and had an amazing trip. This airline is the only air line I will fly with domestically. No other economy airline compares. Free (good) snack, free WiFi, free movies/music, outlets for charging, lots of legroom, free carry on and"
Abusive Overcharging,"I was overcharged for a flight that would normally cost less than $300. I paid almost $500. JetBlue is now charging for baggage, It just joined the ranks of Frontier and Spirit Airlines. Also, I paid insurance for a flight change and when I went to make a change, they denied the"
Song Song Blue,"I used to fly with SWA airlines up and down Orange County for the past 15 years, but this was my first with JetBlue. Overall awesome experience with both airlines. JetBlue offers seat assignment in advance, more legroom and snacks/drink on-board. SWA has newer airplane, offers"
consistant,"On time and friendly attendants. Great tv/movie options too! I purchased extra leg room which was nice not needed but if your tall, its a good idea"
Excellent airline!,"Jet Blue continues to be a predictably reliable and great airline! They continue to keep us informed about flights, customer service is great and seating is better than any other airline! Also, having the TV monitor definitely makes flight more enjoyable!"
My first choice is JetBlue,"Can I just start with the fact that there are fresh flowers in the ladies room. I know this may sound silly, but I am very impressed by this. JetBlue usually has flights to my destinations that are within my budget and on the dates and at the times that fit my schedule."
ok - great legroom,"Overall I enjoy Jetblue. My last flight not so good. Plane was dirty. Food tray broke and almost had hot coffee in my lap. Instead of fixing it, the attendant offered to move me far away from my wife. Yeah right. Flight was late. I'm used to this happening with Jetblue. Will"
Time to venture out more,"The only time I am “Brand Loyal” was with my air travel. If JetBlue flew there , I would pay the extra money to fly with them. Over the past few flights , I am starting to rethink my position. Flight delays,rude staff, I can deal with but dirty planes and broken equipment is"
Great experience.,Flight crew always polite and efficient. Cabin spacious. Like having tv and flight info that is up to date.
Great airline,"I've used Jet Blue when they started in 2000. I find this to be my favorite airline and never miss a chance to fly with them. They are friendly, professional and very accommodating I'm just sad that they no longer fly for Long Beach to Chicago. ."
Annual trip tp new York,"Whenever I travel to New York, JetBlue is my airline of choice. I like to take their red-eye flight so I can nap during my flight at night so when I get to JFK, I have the whole day to look forward. There have been very few, if any times, that I have had a negative experience"
Please expand routes out of Chicago,"First time out to Boston and my wife and I like to fly airlines that you normally wouldn't have the option too. You can only fly to 3 cities on JetBlue out of Chicago and we were going to one of them. I don't think they were the cheapest, but they were the cheapest out of full"
Jet blue good but often late,I prefer to travel JetBlue when it is affordable...unfortunately their prices have been increasing and so have their late departures...they used to be the best airlines in my opinion but have been going downhill recently- I hope they clean up their act before they join the likes
Worry free flying with JetBlue,"My family always enjoys flying JetBlue. We find them to be professional, courteous and the flights are on time...at least the ones we have flown on. They are not the cheapest but whenever I can I would choose them over any other airline."
On time flights going and coming,Always have a nice experience with this airline. The seats are comfortable and spacious enough. The personal screen to watch individual shows is nice and the Flight Attendants are all friendly. Best part is the on time flights
Love jet blue!,"I have flown Jet Blue several times over the years & have never been disappointed. The staff, the food, the in-flight services and the special low price deals are much better than other airlines I have flown with.( i.e. $59 special from Boston to Ft. Myers in winter is wicked"
Great first experience flying MINT!,"JetBlue has been my airline of choice for years but I had the opportunity to fly their MINT class this flight. I have flown first class both domestically and internationally. JetBlue MINT service is equal to a European legacy airline in all aspects of service, from pre"
BOS to DEN and return,Our flights from BOS to DEN and return were on time and smooth flights. We even arrived Boston on the return about 20 minutes early. Baggage claim on both ends was reasonably fast.
So easy!,First time flying JetBlue... I was so impressed with the ease of check-in (with checked bags). Coach provided enough room for me to be comfortable for the enitre 2 hour flight. Flight crew was very pleasant and professional. The price was very reasonable even with just a few
Great Airline,"Nice seating space, they gave us a snack and a drink. Free WiFI. Very clean and had ample leg room. Overall a good airline."
Nightmare,I will never fly JetBlue again. We were delayed from Ft Lauderdale to Chicago for two hours with no explanation. When we arrived at Chicago the entire group of passengers waited another two hours at baggage claim before the bags were even put out. We left the airport at 3am in
exellent choice,"I love JetBlue and saved with Them all the time Now got the Credit Card and saving even More money with card and all the fees ,I got the better card just $99 a yer well worth it."
Always good experience,"I've always had a good experience flyng with JetBlue, and this flight didn't disappoint. The only issue was a delay in departure time, but the delay was not the fault of the airline."
Never an issue,Always a good flight.It’s always nice planning out of nowhere on a JetBlue plane.Thae staff was cordial. attendants were great!
Annoying flight!,"Flight was great, but we were delayed waiting for 1 hour 10 minutes for pilots to return from another flight."
great airlines,Seats were very comfortable. Flight took off on time. We arrived early to our destination. The crew was very attentive.
Not ready for alternatives in bad weather.,"Our flight was canceled due to hurricane Florence that was coming. It is weird that shorter flight New York - Raleigh was canceled,but longer flight New York-Charlotte was available (in the same state,same direction.) The weather that day was still OK. We took this alternate"
Jet blue airlines,Jet blue is my favorite airline hands down. They have great prices and u get a personal and carry on free with most ticket purchases. Flight crew is extremely friendly and relaxed yet professional . Seats are comfortable and u get complimentary non alcoholic drink and a snack if
"Smooth Flight, great leg room",I fly Jet Blue whenever possible. The plane was very clean and the flight crew attentive. My only complaint was the speakers and TV would go in and out during the flight. Maybe there was a loose wire....
great service,"They were on time! The service was excellent, we had a lot of leg room and free entertainment (MOVIES OR TV ETC). Beverages and snacks were plentiful. No complaints!"
Best value...most comfort,Our favorite airline! Prices can be reasonable when you can plan ahead. The boarding process is always smooth and gate checking your carry-on is often offered free when the flight is full. No other airline offers full-size snacks in a wide variety and if you use a Jetblue
Delay Delay Delay,The flight was delayed for about 4.5 hours. There was no explanation regarding the reason. Absolutely no communication. The same situation happened on my flight out of Jacksonville to Ft Lauderdale but it was a 2 hour delay. I had to keep checking with the CSR regarding
JetBlue is the Best!,Basically I only fly JetBlue now. I use to fly Delta but I now have a Barclays JetBlue credit card which I earn points. I have know complaints about JetBlue. Comfortable room on economy and they have tv's at each seat to make the time go by faster while in-flight. Very
Bungled connection,We arranged a connection with the partner airline of Aer Lingus four months in advance but were not given a seat reservation until 15 minutes before the flight. We were placed in the very last row by the rest room. the entertainment screen did not work and had to be re-booted.
Birthday in the skies✈️,My family and I used JetBlue to fly from Newark to West Palm Beach for our family vacation. Flights were on time coming and going. Very friendly and efficient flight crew as well. On our return flight which happened to be my birthday...I was surprised with a complimentary drink
Great Service From JFK to PUJ,"JetBlue is the only airline I've flown as an adult and I definitely enjoy their customer service, efficiency, and overall feel. I always purchase the more legroom option and highly recommend if you can afford it, to do the same."
Great travels,Friendly staff. Courtesy from staff and fellow travelers. Comfortable. Affordable. Will fly with them again! From check in to landing was great.
On Time but too many commercials,"Flight was not only on time but early round trip. Aircraft relatively new, but I had to buy insurance in case I had to cancel the flight and checked bags are extra. Southwest is much more accommodating. In flight movies and T.V. are great, (Southwest should consider this) but"
Great Nonstop to/from Orlando,"So before I begin, let me advise you to consider applying for the Transportation Security Agency (TSA) Pre-Check Known Traveler Number. Why? You avoid going through the ‘take off your shoes, belt, watch, laptop out, etc.’ line. This in and of itself makes the start of your"
Flew in Mint class,"Excellent service, great space, comfortable, excellent food and choices, in flight entertainment was great."
Price is right,"Although the plane needed updating (seat fabric looked old and used), the plane was very clean. It was on time taking off with an on time arrival. Great service and felt that I had more room in economy class without having to upgrade."
there were three veterans on the flight and the stewardess gave each one a thank you for your sefvice card they all sign,it was great getting the thank you card from the staff in recognition of our service with a signed card from all
Love this airline,"This was my first time selecting jetBlue for our airfare. Future, this will be my go to airline when applicable. Their customer service is top notch and their prices cannot be beat. They offer excellent in-flight services along with a comfortable ride. I look forward to"
Delays on both ends,The flight and service were both fine. The reason for not getting a 5 rating was the flight was delayed both ways. Maintenance was the reason given. I arrived about 2 hours early and flight was scheduled on time. Update did not come until about 1 hour before flight time. Leaving
Red eye flight,The A320 on the Denver to JFK leg of the flight was very clean and comfortable. The flight was listed with a four minute delay when I arrived at the gate. They more than made up the 4 minutes and arrived at JFK on time. Flight attendants were attentive but complementary service
No tv,No tv working said they would give me a voucher in my e-mail have not seen anything as of yet Otherwiseeverything was good
Always happy with this airline,"I have been traveling with Jetblue for many years now and they have never let me down The prices are pretty good, love the TV options and the flight attendants are pretty darn nice"
Comfortable and good entertainment,Smaller plane with 2 seats on each side. Perfect when flying with just one other person. Seats are comfortable and TV / movies are good. smooth flight that is always on time or early. HPN is a small airport that gets you in or out in no time at all. This airport is in an area
The flight was on time and there were no hassles at all.,"The boarding was fast and efficient. The people at check in were helpful and courteous. the flight left on time. A choice of beverages and snacks were served at no additional charge. The seat and leg room were more than adequate, which is a lot more than I can say for other"
Lines are always ridiculous,"In almost every city that I've traveled using JetBlue, the lines are incredibly long.I arrived at the airport already checked in and had no luggage. All I needed was to print my ticket. I still had to stand in line for 3 hours, almost missing my flight. To make matter worse, the"
JetBlue,Excellent ride in both directions. We really enjoyed the JetBlue concourses at both locations--many options to stay comfortable
"Good flight, on time, no hassles","These days, flying is not much fun. However, this flight was in time, didn't loose my baggage and wasn't a big hassle. That's success in today's world of flight (and they were the cheapest)"
Worst JetBlue Experience Ever,"This was the worst JetBlue experience from start to finish. Upon checking in at the airport, the process was extremely difficult. I was traveling with a 2 year old infant and was given absolutely no grace for the situation or flexibility from any of your staff. Attempting to"
"""Used to be better""","The flight was scheduled to depart at 2:30pm, boarded at 2:08pm, they said there was bad weather and we were #31 for take off, didn't they know this before they put us in the plane? We ""parked"" on the side at LGA, after about 2 hours they said we had to go back to the terminal"
"Friendly, pleasant, helpful staff. Plane cleanliness inconsistent.","The JetBlue staff are very friendly and helpful. They actually great you when you board and voluntarily assist you as needed. The comfort level of planes varies. Our plane to our destination had newer, roomy seats and had a clean feel. Our plane on the way home was older, seats"
Air Travel,Fantastic airline. Best carrier by far. jetBlue restores civility to air travel. The service is without peer and the aircraft are comfortable. I will choose jetBlue anytime my destination allow.
JETBLUE ROCKS,"Amazing as always. Great Service , On time , early arrival and an Amazing Crew! They really took pride in there jobs with many happy smiles!!! KUDOS to those MAJOR ASSETS!!"
Free Wi-Fi and the best snacks,Jet Blue is one of my favorite airlines because they offer free Wi-Fi and the best snacks out of any of the other airlines I have traveled with.
"Wonderful service, good leg room happy, courteous staff","I can't say enough about Jetblue. I have always had a very good experience. The seating is comfortable with good leg room and storage for carry ons.The staff at the ticket counter, gate and air crews are always pleasant and willing to help."
Bumpy Start but still a good flight,"There were 3 of us traveling with a service animal- There was confusion at the bag drop off as to what employee had to approve the boarding of the service animal traveling with us, which meant when we got to the front of the line finally to drop our bags off, we were turned"
JetBlue is rising to the TOP!!!,"I was very nervous to fly JetBlue at first since it is a no nonsense airline. However, we followed the rules of the carryons and we had zero problems. They provide a full beverage of your choice and a full size bag of chips. Best part they were on time if not early! Will"
Great airline,"We traveled with our kids and it was just fine. The best part of this airline is that there is a lot of leg space! I had my baby as a lap rider and my two kids sitting next to me. It was nice to have to extra space with three littles. It was roomy as far as economy airfare goes,"
Still happy with this airline!,"I've always found jetblue to be the best airline all around; their flights are on time, their staff is helpful and friendly, and the seats are comfortable, Plus they serve Terra Blue potato chips! My only complaint is that the cabin is sometimes overly cold and they only SELL"
"No doubt, a great airline","Completely unpretentious, JetBlue delivers what promises. Timely, organized, good for the money service. They have great fares, on an easy to book website, checkin with their App works great. This continues to be my first choice in this route."
Go Mint!,Flying MINT was very nearly the highlight of my vacation! I booked a single seat so it was a little room with a door and a full-bed reclining chair. The service was impeccable on both legs.
Great Trip To Las Vegas,"The flight started off nicely when we were offered extra leg room seats for free because we are Mosaic customers. During the flight a passenger 4 rows behind us had a medical emergency, the flight crew was oustanding, they received assistance from two nurses on board, the"
Love this airline,"Flight was full, but boarding was orderly and fast. Overhead bins had plenty of room. Wish they didn't charge so much for checked bags. Will do carryon next time. Appreciate the free snack and beverages."
Another completely full flight,"This ""red eye"" flight was completely full. Luckily this plane had the older leather seats and not the harder style of minimally padded seats I encountered on another cross country trip with JB in June. That plane was newer and had the smallest restrooms I've every seen - good"
Passenger helpfulness,I’m a 68 year old female who happened to have a pinched nerve in my neck. On the day I travelled I asked the flight attendant if they could help me with my carry on bag by putting it in the overhead bin for me. Their reply was basically “no”. Thank goodness there was a lovely
JetBlue strands us in New York,"Just before noon on August 8, JetBlue emailed, without any explanation, to say that our 8 pm flight from JFK to ABQ had been cancelled. After talking an agent, it was clear the airline had no alternative to offer us for getting home, other than hanging around New York until"
D.C. Reunion,Not sure I'd ever flown JetBlue before this trip. It seemed there was a little more leg room in coach on JetBlue than on other carriers. Could this be possible??
Excellent,"Consistently excellent, I try to always fly with them. First time I flew out of LaGuardia & it was great. The Terminal is away from all of the madness at the general terminal. Flights are always on time or ahead of schedule and security was a breeze. My daughter is very tall"
JetBlue Rocks!!!,"We travel on Jet Blue around 4 times a year out of Long Beach and it is the Best!!! Long Beach is a small easy airport and Jet Blue is fantastic, great airlines and great staff!"
Courteous Travel,"I make a point of flying JetBlue where possible because I've always had good experiences with them. This trip was no different. Including my return trip, I was on four flights on this vacation. The staff at the airports and all of the flights were all friendly, courteous, and"
Good,The airline is good. They do not always have good prices traveling from Puerto Rico. They give something simple to eat on the flight. They have movies. The only thing is that on the trip leaving PR you have to wait for the plane to go up and move away a bit because it does not
Excellent!,"Flew with my kids, no luggage, just hand luggage... The stuff was always very friendly. It's nice you still get a snuck and a drink during the flight even though it was a very short flight. There is also inflight entertainment, which kept my children busy and happy."
Highly recommend JetBlue,"My first time taking JetBlue to Boston was surprisingly pleasant. Unlike Spirit who offers cheap ticket with a bare bone service and only personal item for free, JetBlue has competitive price but also allow one carry-on bag, and they serve snacks and drinks for a short flight"
Easy up - Easy down,"Boarding on time and by group went easy. Seats and seat backs were clean. Little or no delay on departure. Flew up the eastern coast and took a left at Narragansett Bay. Followed the bay up to Providence and got to see a lot of the places we had previously visited by sail. "
Great Flight,Love early boarding and extra leg room even on a short flight. Good service and the staff are always friendly.
Fly Jetblue,As a police officer I might be a little biased but so be it. Jet blue is amazing they supported us through some of our hardest times and we should never forget that. The workers from top to bottom are friendly and the pilots ensure you had a good time flying.
Fly JetBlue to New York,I always book round trip JetBlue flights from Sarasota to New York. They’re efficient and normally on time or even arriving earlier than scheduled. The staff are friendly and helpful.
Trip to Disney World,"JetBlue is a great airline, never had an issue flying with them; flight was on time and failry smooth; flying to Orlando the flight crew was great, flying back to Newark not so much, overll i would use this airline over other lines servicing Orlando."
"RELIABLE, NEVER OVERBOOKS, ON TOME","JetBlue is the preferred airline for myself and husband. We’ve been flying JetBlue for over 8 years. The airline is reliable, on-time, great prices and NEVER OVERBOOKS OR RIPS PEOPLE OFF A PLANE! Highly recommended"
Jet Blue seems to have delays on a regular basis,"I love the Tv and movies. I dislike delays. I usually fly this route on Southwest, but it seems like JetBlue has far more delays than Southwest."
Great flight on JETBLUE,"The flight was uneventful, which is always best. The service was excellent. The crew very friendly. I would highly recommend this airline. ."
Reliably good economy airline,Jet blue tends to be uniformally good. They are dependable and provides consistent service. The only negative was they changed our return venue from SFO to OAK a day before the flight. Fortunately for us we were equal distance from both airports so it made minimal difference for
Great flight & customer service,"I love JetBlue and find them very reliable. I love the app for easy check in and the mobile boarding passes. I just found the planes on this trip, both going and coming home, to be a little older. There were only three movie choices and the media screen interface seemed a little"
Good trip but could improve,"On time, good seats, snacks, entertainment (good if you go with children). Could improve: paid my checked luggage on line before trip, but didn’t receive any payment confirmation although in bank account it was charged, would appreciate airline confirmation. Don’t know why I"
Unexpected flight,We had to take an unexpected flight to Puerto Rico for a funeral and the airline was most accommodating especially once we arrived at the terminal to assure that my dad and I sat next to each other since online the seats were apart. The pricing was actually not too bad either
Service at its best.,"I travel a lot to, from and in the U.S. to name a few: Fort Lauderdale, JFK, LaGuardia, Jacksonville, Orlando, Dallas, Long Beach, Kingston, Montego Bay, Trinidad, Curaçao and the list goes on and on. I’ve traveled multiple airlines too and when I tell you that JetBlue is the"
A rarity. On time departure.,"The seating was more than adequate with enough leg room. Snacks and drinks were free. The attendants were polite and attentive. The flight would have originally taken us over the hurricane area, the pilot chose to avoid the area by flying west of the affected area until he"
Quick weekend trip to New York,"Since I like to go onto JFK, JetBlue became a great choice to fly with. United abandoned the JFK hub few years ago. The flight is smooth, the service is excellent and the crew are friendly. I like their open snack bar which you can just help yourself. The entertainment system is"
STILL PROVIDING EXCELLENT SERVICE AND VALUE - AND CLEAN AIRPLANES,"I have reviewed JetBlue before - but tripadvisor's request to review more recent flights made sense. JetBlue still sets the standard in terms of moderately priced, everyday travel. We'll never be in the ""first class"" boarding group - it's just too expensive. And, while I'm"
Good flight,Recently flew from Fort Lauderdale to Bogota on Jet Blue. It was our first experience with the airline. Really appreciated the extra legroom. The seats were comfortable and staff was very pleasant and accommodating. I sincerely hope that Jet Blue will soon be available at my
Great!!,"JetBlue has some top class Pilots, Officers and Stewards and upon exiting the aircraft, I/we always commend and thank them. We have had 3 trips this Summer, all using JetBlue"
Uneventful Flight - Just like I want them!,"Nothing special...flight was on time, offered a free beverage and snack. Had a window seat near the front of the plane."
Tough internet Great personal Service,I needed a last minute flight from Philadelphia to Boston I try to use their Internet service and quite frankly it didn’t work I walked up to the ticket counter and couldn’t have been met by her nicer person who help me efficiently and I got a very good fair I was very pleased
No other airline compares,"It's quite simple, I just won't ever fly any other airline. JetBlue really knows how to take care of their customers. The seats are comfortable even without paying for extra leg room. The planes are well cared for. The staff is superb. I have nothing but praising words for"
Family Reunion,"Always satisfied with JetBlue. Flew through JFK to Burlington, Vt from Tampa. Flight from JFK was a little delayed because of weather in Vt., but was not too big of a deal. Everything else smooth sailing. Wonderful reunion with family on Lake Champlain although it was warmer"
"If there is a problem, they don’t want to know you !","Mechanical delay, missed connection, no compensation! Rude and ignorant agents directed us to an area for help. There was no help and because we were now outside of tsa, we could not re-enter the airport until 7 hrs prior to boarding ! We spent 13 hrs sitting in chairs in a"
One flight bad one flight good,"Started with not being notified of flight delay till after we got to the gate and it had another flight at the same gate, finally had to ask and was told the flight was delayed for 2 hours. Finally get on the plane and get announcement that due to something (could not hear all"
Flying with Food Allergies,"I so appreciate the customer service you receive from JetBlue when flying with food allergies. We were able to pre-board with no problem in order to wipe down the area for my son. I also added a sheet to cover the seat, when it went over the tv in the back the flight attendant"
Good first experience,"On time, comfortable seating, no first class seating, which makes it more equitable. Better use of the staff."
Flying coast to coast,The flight was comfortable. The room for the seats may have been a little more than some flights I have taken recently but not enough to notice a huge difference. They did offer some nice food options with their onboard cafe. Overall a good flight.
Don't do layovers in Tampa - Great airline but horribly organized in tampa terminal,I had a layover in Tampa and it was a horrible experience my bad got delayed almost 2 hours becuase of lightnign. Then they were not able to connect my bags so I had to walk out side with my bags to another terminal (in the rain) and drop off my bags there. Because of said
My favorite airline,"JetBlue is my favorite airline, always my first choice when flying. and the only airline that does not nickel and dime their passengers with extra fees. I had the chance to fly on the new Mint class between Boston and San Francisco and it's one of the best business/first class"
“My Go To Airline”,I have tried many airlines that fly from the NJ area to central FL over the last 10 years. JetBlue is the best as far as I am concerned. The seating & service is superior; in addition there is DirecTV service during the flight.
Lake trip,We were vary pleased with the service. We were traveling with a new born and stroller. The air line allowed us to board first and had the stroller waiting for us as we exited the plane.
Jet Blue is an airlines I would recommend !,"The boarding group were very nice and accommodating. The space on the seating in the plane was much better then others I have been on, flight was on time. The reverse flight was the same, boarding group was very nice and accommodating, spacious seating on the plane."
Very good,"This is an excellent airline. At a time when most airlines are tripping over each other to come up with ways to make your flight less flexible, JetBlue does the opposite. Comfortable seats, snacks and friendly service with entertainment options make this airline one of my"
"Good prices, but they will destroy your luggage!","Good prices and schedules, but they did destroy our luggage. Both ways. Going there and coming back. really bad!"
Very dissapointing,The wife and I flew to Florida for a two week cruise. We had heard good things about Jetblue and were excited to be on our way. We paid extra for roomier seats and found we got a couple more inches of legroom but the seats were very narrow and uncomfortable. I know the airline
Good Airline,The flight was on time the crew was very polite and friendly the seat were comfortable actually watched television would definitely recommend Jetblue
Travel to Tampa,"Well, I'd heard how much more leg room and comfortably JetBlue was. So I decided my next trip to Florida I'd try them. I did find a little more leg room and I did enjoy the option of having TV offered for the flight. The service on board was fine. What I didn't enjoy was the"
Turks and Caicos,"Not only a great flight ,but the entire trip was a JetBlue Vacation package. Stay at The Sands in Provo."
Mint coast to coast worth every penny at $800 RT,"Mint Business Class is a great deal for Transcontinental flights. Took family of four to Hawaii and BOS / SFO legs on JetBlue in Mint for $399 each way. Traveling a distance to get to Hawaii it was well worth it to have the extra space, good food, and ability to sleep in a lie"
"New, clean plane, comfortable seats with good leg room.","Flight attendants were service oriented, and available to help. The video screens had multiple options available to view."
Another delayed flight by jetbule,"Plane arrived from previous destination on time 1 hr before our scheduled departure,,, however as we board and prepare to depart there was a mechanical problem with the plane,,, this is a repeat of our last flight with JetBlue!!!! Plane had to reboot? Seriously a power down and"
was a very long day but they made up for the issues due to weather,"we were delayed due to weather then delayed due to pilots had to many logged hours, so a few hours turned into and entire day. Some issues were due to weather and others due to FAA. but jet blue gave us money/credit for future flight which was very cool."
"Very good airline, always safe and great service.","Had an extra leg room seat. I always feel comfortable flying JetBlue knowing their service is always good, aircraft in a great shape and it is always clean."
EXPECTATIONS MET,"First time flying JetBlue. Flight was delayed and ultimately cancelled due to the weather, which is to be expected. Initially very upset but rather be safe on ground than in danger in fight. Was able to get a standby flight out 7 hours later after two phone calls to JetBlue."
Great Airline,"This was my first time flying this airline. They had good prices and convenient times that I wanted to fly, with a no -stop flight. I decided to pay the upgrade for extra legroom, and another upgrade to sit in the front of the plane. They only have one class, so for 2 small"
Great Airline,When traveling to Aruba we always fly JetBlue. This year our flight going and coming was on time and the staff couldn't be any nicer. Thank you JETBLUE!!!
"Great service, very comfortable, a lot of space in coach seats, included movies, music and snacks with no extra cost.","Great service, very comfortable seats. A lot of space in economy seats. Included movies, music and snacks with no extra cost. Flight attendants were very friendly."
Always an above the average for domestic flights,"Most important is on time service, which JB most always provides. And, their seats are most comfortable. But, their maintenance of the TV service has been poor lately. TV that don't work or often requirements to ""reboot: the system in flight, I give them very good rating."
Travel for s family wedding,"I was very pleased with JetBlue, their service, reliability and cost and will use JetBlue on future travels. Both my wife and I had an enjoyable flight."
JetBlue checked baggage service is excellent,"I have flown JetBlue many times over the years and rate them an excellent air carrier and I should know, I am in the business of representing air carriers. Consistency is the name of the game and JetBlue is consistently good. What was particularly notable about our recent"
Worcester to JFK - Cheap and Easy,"The Worcester airport doesn't offer much by way of amenities, but what it lacks in offerings it makes up for in pleasant staff. Security is a breeze and the staff at the cafe by the gates are friendly and helpful. Parking is cheap and right on site. Flying Jetblue to JFK is a"
Flight to Fort Myers,Flew JetBlue from JFK. Great flight and crew. Departed and arrived early. Will always recommend JetBlue
"JetBlue, no extra fees","I flew on JetBlue from Buffalo to LA. The only direct flight between these two points. JetBlue is great. No extra fees for various things. Free entertainment (TV and Movies), lots of snacks and drinks (unlimited). No other airline flies direct from Buffalo to LA, which is a"
Not as good as it use to be,I was really surprised on my last trip on Jet Blue. I had taken a different carrier days earlier to ft Myers. Jet Blue use to be the best with its entertainment system but that has changed. There systems are old and their prices are high. I now use kayak to schedule my flights
New york,Flying JetBlue was great. Flown before with them and it is always great flights. On time and the snacks are great. Not limited to one
JetBlue contines to be a good choice of airlines,All went smooth and on time. Attendants were all pleasant and did their best to provide us with a comfortable experience.
Friendly and supportive staff,"As always, great trip and flight. Staff were helpful and pleasant. We had 2 different airplanes. I wish that you could choose that feature each time. First plane had a broken seat the second plane was newer"
50 flights in 5 years!,"I've taken various flights. They are timely, accomodating and comfortable. In 5 years iand about 50 flights they were only delayed or cancelled 3 times and those were due to winter weather conditions each time. Cannot recommend them more highly!"
Jet-blue check in by Ms. Greta,"She checked in my elderly mother, she was accommodating and welcomed us with a warm smile. Ms. Greta helped my mother to choose a better seat to make easier exit at destination. She showed me an excellent customer care and I appreciate that. She is an example of true"
Worth the money,"The options for a non-stop flight from LAX to FLL are limited, at best, and the scheduled times are even less desirable but Jet Blue's morning flight in their MINT class of service is well worth the expense."
Great Airline,I've been flying JetBlue for the last year and I have nothing bad to say. Was only delayed once out of 10 flights and this was in Fort Lauderdale where it does rain often. Other than that the staff has been very friendly and warm and the prices are good comparable to other
Always a pleasure,Great service great staff. They were close to on time and landed early. I was surprised to see an extra charge to sit near the emergency exit.
Vegas Flight,Flight was on time and very comfortable because of additional leg room on JetBlue and free TV and a few movies. I don't however like the idea of everything else being an upcharge for things like a blanket for my wife because for her the cabin was cold. Cabin crew was
Doing it Right,"My applause to Jet Blue for "" Doing it Right."" When we book Jet Blue we know that all the processes.....from boarding to exiting will be handled without a blemish. Their training must be on the mark because of the consistency of service from trip to trip. Keep up the good"
No Issues - Good flights,I was very impressed when flying with Jetblue recently - September 2018. I flew from Fort Lauderdale to Santa Clara (Cuba) and Havana to New York as well. The flights both left on time - the staff were all pleasant. I didnt experience any issues. I was actually pleasantly
I Always use Jet Blue,I always use Jet Blue since it is one of two airlines that go out of BQN (Aguadilla PR). This time the airplane from MCO to Aus was a newer model and so much comfortable and updated TV screen what a delight. Minor delay coming back home due to weather but all in all Love flying
Legroom without paying more,"Legroom as it should be. I typically fly Delta (for the Miles), but upgrade to comfort because I am somewhat claustrophobic. It was nice that on JetBlue all of the Economy seats have enough leg room to be comfortable. Had to pay for the checked bag though. I guess you can't"
Great customer service,"Only our second time on this airline, but really impressed with their customer service. Our flight was delayed and they jumped through hoops trying to get us on the earlier one. If not for the issue of checked luggage, this would have been miraculous. Would definitely fly"
Why can’t they all be like this?!,"Started with a male flight attendant who was dynamic! He did the standard starting dialogue with great emphasis and character, I loved this guy.. I applauded after he finished, he made the trip even more enjoyable than it already was  good job Jetblue.. give this gentleman a"
Tight fisted budget airline puts money above passenger service,"I booked the flights to and from San Francisco online and experienced no problems. The booking was in order. The in flight entertainment is good, and I also have no issues with the cabin crew on either flight, who were polite and pleasant. The food on offer was unappetising,"
Fantastic,"I love JetBlue. I can't imagine what they would have to do to change my opinion. When I'm traveling in the US, as long as they fly there I will fly them."
Impressive Customer Service,"My go to airline is JetBlue. I find in today's market, most airlines are improving their customer service standards to entice passengers. JetBlue consistently offers the best service with the most comfortable seats. I just wish they flew to Europe."
Comfortable seating for an airline,"We flew Jet Blue to Boston and back to Fort Myers, we had a connecting International flight from Boston. The seats and leg room were very comfortable."
Not great customer service on the flight,"Although I generally find the staff on JetBlue to be pleasant and helpful, my trip on 7/7/18 wasn't the best. The flight attendants weren't their normal, cheerful selves. I brought a very good set of earphones with me to listen to the television screen. There was so much static"
First time flying this airline,"Flight was great! Storms earlier in day caused some delays ( mine not affected), so waiting area in airport got very crowded. Snacks on flight were a step above nuts or pretzels, which was a pleasant change from larger airlines!"
BiCoastal Fun and Games,"I flew JetBlue to Seattle in June for my Aunt’s 88th birthday! I have been flying this wonderful airline for years- and was happily surprised to see new seats and configuration, a visual appearance of a large area, seats that were redone and VERY comfortable, and the flight"
One of the best in the skies,"I simply love JetBlue. Such a great airline. Plenty of legroom, flight attendants are great, great non stop destinations from the NYC area, great amenities onboard and they are also a very environmentally/socially aware airline. JetBlue is my first choice when it comes to"
"Surprising a good experience, will fly with them again",The plane was roomier than spirit or southwest. In cabin service quick and efficient and not stingy. Provide video entertainment on lights over 2 hours - a nice perk. Airfare was best deal so I tried JetBlue - I will definitely fly with them again.
Do not travel with Surfboards,On a recent flight from Jacksonville Florida to Barbados I witnessed the luggage personnel grossly handle my surfboard bag I was on vacation to Barbados and I just recently purchased a brand new custom surfboard I had it wrapped up in bubble tape and in a heavy insulated travel
Great Airline,"This was the first time I flew this airline. Amazing crew, bigger seats, loads of legroom, and the biggest plus-They were right on schedule. I would absolutely fly this airline again"
Jet Blue worth it for cross country flight,Jet Blue was a little pricier than other options so I opted not to pay the fees to reserve seats. For a family of 3 this would've been an additional $600 RT so we took our chances. Each way the people at the gate were very nice and seated us together & that really made the
Our Flight from Las Vegas to Boston,"We had a great flight, flying on a redeye flight home. They provided sleeping masks, and earbuds, and the seat comfort was luxurious."
LOVE JETBLUE,"one of the best airlines to fly to the Caribbean, the seats are very comfortable and very spacious, staff are very nice and i love their rewards system."
My new fav airline!,Consistently on time; FREE wifi; a smidge more space than other airlines... my only complaint is that other passengers are allowed to use overhead compartment space that is not above their seat... this takes away space from fellow travelers and has forced me to check my carry-on
great flight,"what a great airline seats are large and lots of leg room.we took early boarding and more leg room super for the extra price, cant wait to fly again thanks jet blue"
Overpriced Jet Blue/More than Half Empty Flight,"This year, Jet Blue has Jacked Up the Prices for Fall Flts. I booked a couple of months in advance & was very date flexible. All Flights from Lauderdale to Westchester County Airport were $40-$100 more than last year. Fares never dropped, despite Many Sales. My flight on Sept 8"
Good Flight BUT,Our flight was Good But the seating was not - A 321 Aircraft - The Mid Galley area on this plane was taken out to add more seats not enough room for 2 seats Very uncomfortable cramped in sitting next to the flight attendant was not a problem but knowing the airline business
Good flight and entertainment,A nice airline. Good seats and room. Complimentary snacks and soft drinks available throughout flight. TV at seats with plenty to watch. Fly often.
Strictly No Frills,This airline is strictly no frills. Bring your own 1 ounce liquors if you want to make a drink. Bring your own food because they don’t serve anything decent. Overhead bins go fast do kind up quickly if you don’t want to check your bag. Attendants aren’t friendly at all. Do
VERY GOOD AIRLINE,Was a very good flight and the crew was very friendly. they maintained us informed of all flight delays
Comfortable,Seats were comfy and enough leg room and they had tv screens on back of headrests. They offered snacks and drinks the staff was very friendly.
jet blue from puerto plata dominican republic,"the only problem we had was trying to get on the jet blue website to get boarding passes. we got to the airport and were told that we would have to sit apart, and the extra leg room seats were unavailable. however when we went to board, we both sat together and had bulkhead"
Mint Service,Mint Service on JetBlue was great and like business class service on other airlines. The flight attendants were very friendly and could not do enough for you. Worth the extra cost.
love jetblue,i fly jetblue as much as i can. i like how i have an assigned seat and the people are nicer that work there.
FIRST TIME ON JETBLUE,"Good flight, on time, and even before travel time. Would most diffidently fly Jet blue again! I love an airline that is at least on time, but one that is ahead of schedule? Hats off!"
Flying from Orlando to Albany,"Very comfortable, clean and the flight attendants were exceptional. TV sets for each person and lots of snacks."
comfort and luxury,"I was flying back to Boston from Las Vegas and decided to pony up for the 1st class section that included the private pods, entertainment selections, and good food and snacks. I really enjoyed the privacy and quiet of the seating pod and the fact that the comfortable seat"
Lost luggage and car seat,The travel company lost my babies suitcase and car seat. They also refused to pay any compensation and declined any refunds of costs as they originally said they would compensate. I will never use JetBlue again!
Family reunion,"It was an 8pm flight that was delayed over 2 hours. The attendants were friendly but should have been more accommodating to the situation. Lots of passengers were becoming frustrated and when we finally took off, there was an elderly lady in the restroom that didn't speak much"
On Time,They left on time and we got to our destination a little earlier than schedule. The flight attendants were pleasant. The airline was clean and there was enough leg room.
Broke my luggage,"They just throw your luggage anyhow Broke my zipper on it. Now its hard to zip it together. So ridiculous, why can't they handle your luggage properly?!!"
They Lie Cheat and Never Communicate,"Jet Blue thinks of itself as a great efficient people friendly airline. But what company treats its customers with such reckless abandon? So the plane has mechanical issues,.,., what do they do? make people wait hours and hours, provide no information, insist the flight will"
Jetblue a way to go,"Jet blue has always been my first choice in flying. They offer free entertainment on every seat and they provide free snacks and beverages. When you compare other airlines Jet blue is ahead of the game, on cleanness, customer service and scheduling. Jet blue's original founder"
Nothing to be Blue about.,"Have been flying JetBlue to San Jose, CR, out of Orlando for 5 years 3 times per year avg. , we have had 2 delays."
There's no place like home.,The trip was direct which is our preferred. Jet Blue was timely and efficient. It is our preferred airline when traveling domestically.
Excellent price,I had never flown with JetBlue before this. Boarding was quick and painless. We were in the last row too. The price was far better then expected and especially on 2 one way tickets following a cruise.
Room to stretch while stretching your dollars,"Lots of leg room! The staff is very friendly and the seats are comfortable. It's easy to relax. I like that you can upgrade so you don't have to pay for checking your bag. It only saves a few dollars, but you don't have to worry about cash at the counter."
Jet Blue is the best to the Caribbean,Jet Blue always treats you with respect. Have been on about six flights out of JFK with them and have always been on-time or early. Great service to the Caribbean. I just wish they had MORE flights out of Newark which were DIRECT to the Caribbean..... JFK is a pest to get to
Just Average,This was my second time taking jet blue from Long Beach to Sacramento and both times the flights were delayed. The attendants aren't too interested in any discussion about the delays. The attendants on the flight aren't too friendly either.
Great as always,Great flight. Perfect amount of layover time. Watched a current movie for free. This is why we always fly Jet Blue.
The Real Blues of JetBlue,"On a positive note JetBlue does endeavor to be punctual in committing to departing and adhering to their specific time table. Somehow, even if by chance the flight takes off a few minutes after the original designated time, they seem to jet through the skies and arrive to final"
ULTIMATE NIGHTMARE...!!!!,"First let me start by saying I have never in my entire life had a bad experience with Jetblue until this moment. Not only was I treated rudely, as a PARALYZED YOUNG female before entering the airplane from the staff at the front desk area, but was also met with attitude for the"
Always a pleasure to fly with JetBlue,JetBlue never disappoints! Always on time going and coming. terrific staff. Has always been on time!
So far...The best domestic airline,"Flight attendants were nice, happy and I saw lotsa smile which I rarely see on other domestic flight attendant."
Lucked out and got a whole row,"There is no way to check in early, but that is my only complaint. The staff were great, the seats comfy enough for a plane (beware of seats with limited recline though). I lucked out and had no other people sitting in my row, so I was actually able to lie down and sleep. Snacks"
delayed but smooth,"AMAZING flight.... I hate flying@!!! The crew, the pilot were sooo welcoming. The pilot told us we may have a bit a turbulence. just a bit. Smooth flight otherwise. The friendliest skies....JETBLUE"
JetBlue Airlines,"Very friendly staff. Seats a little more comfortable than other airlines. Not a huge selection of movies but the selection of cable channels such as BRAVO, HGTV, and The Food Network, just to name a few make up for it. I was really pleased with this airline. I will definitely"
Like always the best,"Very friendly, get to choose my seats , flight always on time , got a great deal, I will definitely recommend this airline, for me it’s tje best, wish they can flight everywhere"
JetBlue,"we took the early flight to New York, we had an excellent and smooth trip. Same in the return flight. Both were on time as they were scheduled. I'm flying twice per year to different locations to the states and have no complaints with JetBlue"
Mint Class...Best for the price,"You can’t get this service, space or comfort on any other airline for this price. Speed through security and priority boarding, 2 bags included. Start with a welcome drink and comfortable wide seat that lays flat. Decent food and snacks, free WiFi and entertainment....Best"
Flight experience,we left on time and arrive early. The attendants are great- drink and plenty of snacks. Long legroom and plenty of movies and Tv to watch
Jetblue is a great airline,We have been flying Jetblue for many years. Their crew is always great. The flights are smooth. The snacks are yummy. They are great with anyone from infants in up.
"Not as bad as United, but close","No frills equals no charm. Checked luggage is a thing of the past - who wants to pay $50 so your clothing can make a trip to see your relatives? (Surely Uncle Ronald or Auntie Mame will have something you can wear.) Thin, immobile seats, no snack, no entertainment. The"
"Very comfortable, good leg room in economy","Most pleased with the leg room, service, and timing between transfers. Will definitely travel with them again."
Great Flight,"Clean plane, comfortable flight, excellent crew members, smooth getting on & off the plane. I've flown various airlines in the last few years. Jetblue is still the one I prefer."
Mr. Liberato,Very spacious and attentive staff. Will be flying with jet blue again 100% everyone was friendly and accommodating.
As good as it gets-,"Our flight had a slight delay, while waiting for the flight crew to arrive from another city where they got held up by mechanical problem. JetBlue communicated the delay in a timely fashion. Once underway it was a perfect flight with a friendly efficient flight crew."
"Late Flight, little information","When I arrived at the gate, I was informed that the flight would be late. When I asked for information about how late or anything else that might be relevant, the staff people were polite and attempted to help, but knew very little. I was told that there was a problem with a"
Wow,Pilot was awesome one the way back. Didn't now we had ever decended. I hate flying but he made it so smooth.
"Plenty of room, friendly flight staff, annoying baggage fees",Jet Blue's prices seemed competitive with others and I was pleasantly surprised to find that the leg room was ample without opting for additional leg room which they also offer for a fee. It was a nice surprise that some snacks were available free of charge. Annoying were the
The worse flight of my life,"I was traveling with two children (1&3) and my mother, my mom went under investigation for “explosives” . Our flight was delayed , we get to New York and they decide we weren’t going to park at the gate so we had to take a shuttle bus to TSA at 2 am ! Mind you we never got our"
Unsure,"The staff to care for handicapped people were great, however the stewardess’s could have some skills to be worked on and also the people checking you in at the gate, need to be taught the words yes ma’am or sir and thank you, maybe they all had a bad night"
"Excellent service, Convenient seating and World Standard",I had experience in a return trip from New York to Florida we boarded spirit air and from Florida to New York we boarded JetBlue. The services provided by JetBlue was excellent and that of spirit was average.
Mint is tops!,This was our 4th leg on JB Mint service which is VERY comfortable for a 6 hr flight. The seats turn into a full size lounger with pillow and comforter provided. The seat also has a massager! The entertainment options are numerous with noise-cancelling headphones provided. There
Great Job JetBlue,There was more room between rows and in the aisle and the seats were larger & very comfortable! All of the employees were friendly and helpful! The price was very reasonable and they didn’t charge for carry-ons! They brought around a basket of snacks that you could pick from.
"Legroom, Yes!","This was the way to go. Plenty of legroom at no extra cost. We didn't feel cramped at all. Entertainment was okay, not as good as Delta but better than most. Our flight was a direct flight and we rented a car to get where we wanted to really go but it wasn't out of the way."
Best airline company,"Very comfortable seats, flight was on time, very friendly crew! I Strongly Recommende it (and wish I could always fly with them)"
Coping with Hurricane Florence,"This flight was in an Embraer 170 which we enjoy for its 2 x 2 seating and high cruising speed. The Captain took us around the storm with a minimum of bumps, and the cabin crew were very attentive. On our return three days later, we had the same Orlando based crew who once again"
Flight,The service and attention from the crew members of Jetblue air lines was great they answered all my questions that I had. They were very nice the flight went smoth we had free wifi and satelite tv it was a great flight all around.
Great staff,We went for a weekend from a sweepstakes and it was just fantastic and the crew took great care of the passengers I would definitely recommend!
jetBlue experience,Particularly liked that there was more leg room than on other airlines and we liked the open bar and snack service where you help yourself so that the service cart is not constantly going up and down the isle. That also made it easier to get up and walk around a bit. Non stop
Great flight even when things weren’t as expected,"Even though my flight was delayed due to bad weather and it had to land on another city and then flight back to our destination, the crew was great as well as the service provided. It was my second experience with the airline and I’m really impressed by the customer service and"
Great trip to New York,"We were ultimately flying to South Africa and live in the east Bay Area. This flight worked out great. It leaves Oakland at midnight and gets to JFK at 8:30am. Our next flight wasn’t until the next day, we reserved a room at the Fairfield Inn Marriot which is a 10 minute Uber"
"Aircraft at Gate, but left 3 and 3/4 hours LATE!!! No Crew available","Management KNEW that no crew was available for scheduled flight, yet they posted on line that the flight was on time. Got to airport where first posting said flight was delayed. They lie about the delays. They knew ""wheels Up"" would be almost 4 hours late. It happens almost"
Visiting daughter,It’s good!!! Both flights had delays but still like JetBlue. The bag is expensive think that should be free
Great service,JetBlue continues to provide excellent service and great customer service support. The on flight entertainment is excellent as well.
My First Trip on JetBlue,"I was a little apprehensive about this flight expecting little from a “no frills” airline. I was pleased to find more legroom than I am accustomed to on American and United, very helpful and pleasant agents and crew, and the plane was clean and relatively new. Easy, smooth"
Not enough food on flight,I was in one of the front rows of the plane and wanted to buy a sandwich and was told that they did not have enough on board and were already sold out by the time they got to me. This is not acceptable as the plane was sold out for this long flight. I should not have to rely
Best airline ever...,"This is one of a lot trips i had with JetBlue and they still surprising me every time. The service on the counter and the service inside the airplane is just perfect...the trip is so relax...good entertainment for adults and kids, prices are fare but could be better and you are"
Comfortable and Friendly,Better than I expected and quicker than I anticipated.This was a value flight which means that I did not pay full fare.
Boston to LA with no issues,"Nice and easy access, plenty of leg room and comfy seat on the economy fare, entertainment system was good with good selection of movies and shows, and nice service of free drinks and snacks, the hot wash cloth before landing is also a nice touch. I like JetBlue."
kindness and punctuality,"now it is faster and easier to check documents and suitcases, it is done electronically at the airport, if you do not understand the process there are the officers of the line to help you"
One of my favorite Domestics,"JetBlue is currently one of my favorite Domestic carriers. Ample leg room. Nice Flight Attendants (what a concept!!!). Efficient, no nonsense. Accommodating. Book it!"
"Better ticketing, bag rules, reservations, check in, gate personnel and leg room than most other airlines","After many years of flying California to New York, my favorite carrier is JetBlue. I love the leg room, enthusiastic people, and being treated like a human customer instead of a inmate on some other airlines."
Amazing Customer Service,We recently flew from Charleston SC to Boston Mass during the chaos of Hurricane Florence. We ended up having to rebook a day early and I cannot say enough great things about JetBlue’s customer service. They were so extemely helpful and pleasant and I’m sure they were so busy
"Storms were bad across the country, so they flew the plane through Canada.","I appreciated that they told us they were going North to Canada, sparing us the trauma of flying for hours through bad thunderstorms. Staff was great, typical JetBlue nice staff. One thing I seem to experience on Jet Blue is how bad the TV service is. Goes in and out and the"
I fly Jetblue because the deliver what they promise,I have flown with everybody - 37 Concorde flights French an British - everybody including mongol airlines from Irkutsk to Joan baton in 1960. I will not fly American delta or united unless they have a monopoly and I have to. Internationally they are not close to Singapore or
Great Flight Poor Flight Agent,"The flight was great however, the flight attendant was very rude when speaking to persons. She forcefully ask persons to sit down when they needed to use the rest room, yes the seat belt light was on, but it was obvious a person need to use the restroom, but she would not let"
JetBlue - The Only Way to Fly,"I generally schedule my trips around JetBlue cities. I find this airline far superior to Delta or American in service, comfort and treatment of passengers (for instance no silly insulting ribbon down the middle of the boarding aisle to designate class)."
Nice Flight,Flight was on time for both departure and arrival. Very pleasant crew; comfortable seats even without the extra space upgrade as their seats provide much more room than any other airline. Personal TV and music is great with many choices to pass time and worked properly entire
Always a good trip with JetBlue,"Always a great experience on JetBlue. I fly JetBlue whenever possible, even if it means a longer trip and more connections. The customer experience on JetBlue is unlike any other airline I have encountered, most other airlines are a let down. The JetBlue experience on the plane"
Portland to JFK.,"An early morning (5:30 am) flight that was fully booked. This was the first leg of a trip to Jacksonville, FL that we booked at the last minute. We are never disappointed flying with this carrier as they are almost always on-time and mostly early! The connecting flight"
They are the best!,We late to our boarding. The JetBlue ground service were very helpfull and switched our tickets for the next flight with no additional charge. The servive on flight was prrfect. Thank you JetBlue
JetBlue is the most predictable airline,"This was a short flight . Given the current seat spaces , I have really lowered the bar , however, I was comfortable in JetBlue . The service was ok as well. We were a party of 3 and they never sat us next to each other, however , once we got on, traded with the other"
On time,Flight was on time and price was extremely competitive. Good snacks! Check in was smooth and flight attendants pleasant.
Always a pleasure,It has always been a pleasure to fly Jet Blue; rarely have I been delayed flying in or out of Ft Myers. Aircraft is always clean and cabin crew very accommodating.
Crew,"The flights up and back were just great! Had requested that my wife's manual wheelchair be stored in the cabin, to preclude damage in handling. That was done without any complaints from the crew! My wife has to use the ""isle wheelchair"" to get to her seat. That was"
Helpful staff,"Helpful, friendly staff. Love flying JetBlue and earning TrueBlue points as well. Was given an upgrade of wider seats at no charge because of some problems we had with booking"
No issues.,"Uneventful and several empty seats available. JetBlue means good service, which is rare these days.The kiosk checkin was a bit counterintuitive but everything else was good."
Good service,Flight was earlier and crews were excellent. Flight attendants were extremely friendly and went aboveboard and beyond.
Jet Blue to Boston,Great on time flight. The carry on luggage was an issue. They wanted people to check bags prior to boarding due to overbooking for no charge. It just held up the flight a bit. I was going to Boston for a wedding luckily this was an early flight so I had plenty of time but it was
The only Airline I will travel with,"I will only fly with JetBlue. I do not like to go on airplanes and when there is turbulence I get very nervous. JetBlue Pilots know how to handle the turbulence and I am fine on a JetBlue flight. I don't care how cheaper other airlines are, I only fly with them."
Love Jetblue!,Amazing customer service and wonderful flight crew. Agent was able to create around seating so my children and I could sit together!!
Smooth trave start to finish,"Starting with the check-in, it was a great experience. Fiendly staff, clean, bright gate area, friendly attendants, and fast bagage claim. Good in-fight amenities, and roomy seats even in coach. JetBlue is our first choice whenever we travel ."
"First ""Mint"" flight.","""Mint"" is not a Business Class. It resembles Business Class on international flights: lay-flat seat, hot food. alcohol, personal service. However, all of that was a half-step (a quarter of a step?) lower. That said, it is a huge improvement over the economy class and, if you"
still the best airline for flights out of Boston,"i was not in love with Mint, my wife loved it, i could not get comfortable no matter what position i put the seat in. the air bladder seat were not as comfortable as the standard seat even when in full Bed mode it was uncomfortable!, service was A+ , in flight food was also not"
They Always Do It Right,Predictably good service. Comfortable planes. Even with old facilities inLa Guardia I’ll pick JetBlue whenever possible.
The start of our vacation,jet Blue has always been great with us. Just wish they would give a break with the bag fee's. The flight crew are a fun bunch of people. Get in sit down and go>>>>
Jet Blue Experience,"Definitely noticed a huge difference if compared with others: superior free snacks, free earphones, free movies and channels and corteous attendants."
Cuba  visit,This is the airline we usually take and it’s a good flight and the staff is usual friendly and kind.
Vacation,"Our flight waa great, comfortable and roomy... Could make the Isles a tad wider.... The service and friendlyness was amazing. Looking forward to next year's trip...."
Like the extra legroom!,"Successful Flight - Always a Plus! I always like the extra legroom on JetBlue flights - I'm 6'4"", 300+# so any extra room is always great for me as well as anyone sitting next to me. Everything went as I had expected, nothing spectacular."
A pleasant surprise,"This was my first time flying on JetBlue airlines and I was not disappointed. Form the inflight entertainment ( you had your own television screen right in front of you) to the friendliness of the crew, it was an experience I enjoyed and one I will use again"
JetBlue to Durham,JetBlue makes trip easy easy booking process and onetime flights in a 2x2 Embraier aircraft Flight and ground crew most hospitible
Best airline for Boston from Dallas,"Let’s think about how Airline travel was a view years ago... well, we can’t turn back time but JetBlue really has improved a few inconveniences. I had to travel last minute due to a funeral. I checked the flights on line and I called customer service to inquire about family"
My Domestic First Choice,Over all a good airline. Beats budget flights like Southwest and Frontier. Its more comfortable and has more in flight options / entertainment. Never had any major issues.
Disney Vacation,The flights were on schedule. The legroom was very good for even my six foot four son. The flight attendants were very polite and attentive to all our needs.
Terrible,"Will never use JetBlue again, flight was delayed 5hrs departing. The ground crew need to be taught how to speak properly instead of dragging her words. (Booarrrddd) and with a high pitch voice. So deafing! Gave you meal tickets and the Restaurant was closed, go figure. Only"
Always a great experience!,"It is always refreshing walking on to an upgraded plane, with nice TVs with plenty of options for entertainment, wifi that works, and high quality snacks! I take JetBlue whenever possible."
Things happen,"Flight had no WIFI, TV etc . Was told we would get some sort of voucher, but haven't seen one. Flight from Boston to San Diego had no issues."
Weather delays,"Summer thunderstorms created havoc at Fort Lauderdale. Arriving from Cuba, we found that the international recheck for baggage was closed and we had to walk a quarter or a mile to recheck our bags. The on screen information about flights was totally wrong and we ended up running"
Very pleased,"Until this trip, I have only used JetBlue for domestic flights. And, I have to confess that I am very pleased. Service, online and telephone reps., gate facilities, information, etc... all of them were extremely user friendly. This tome I traveled with my Yorkie dog (for the"
They treat you like a human being,"Jetblue is the best domestic airline. They treat you look a human being, and the seats are comfortable with enough legroom. Period"
Typically on time and good flight,"We flight JetBlue often. Flights are almost always on time or even a little early. Cabin se vice always pleasant. I’d have rated it 5 but the last two flights the sound system on all the seats in my row were malfunctioning. Had this jus,t been on one flight I’d chalk it up to"
Most comfortable seats and favorite airline,"Jet Blue is my favorite airline for seat comfort, leg room, and on time performance. It is reassuring when there are no delays for maintenance- makes me feel safe. Their entertainment system is satisfactory."
Jetblue- Home eventually!,PDX to PWM requires a long wait in JFK. Keep this in mind when you book. You are already losing 3 hours in time zones. Can you afford to sit for another 3 awaiting your connection?
Basically good service from a basic airline.,"Airline is good but I don't like having to wait to last to deplane for wheel chairs although I suppose the wheel chair service is more the airports than the airlines. Also since they almost always ask for passengers to ""voluntarily"" check their carry ons due to lack of overhead"
Jetblue works for me,"I have been flying with Jetblue for the past 8 years. I always do my research and check other airlines but always end up buying Jetblue. I usually get my tickets a couple months before my final date and get good prices, because I always plan ahead. Still, I have had to buy at"
Everything went like clockwork! I guess they have mended their evil ways......,"We left on time, we arrived on time, and the seats are the most comfortable in the business! It's nice to have a choice of snacks (and the chocolate chip cookies are the best they have ever had!), but it would be nicer to also have a choice of a beverage other than water, e.g."
My Choice of all Airlines,I've been flying Jetblue for a while now. I prefer it to other airlines because it seems to have the most direct flights to places that I enjoy traveling to. The planes have always been well-kept in the passenger area and I like the amount of space in the standard seating as it
Would definitely fly with JetBlue again!,"Had more legroom when we flew and were just all around more comfy! The stewardesses were so nice and friendly. They were fun too "
Not a great experience!,Not a good experience from check-in to flight conclusion. Very long lines to check baggage. It then took 25 minutes to pass through gates to concourse. Upon getting to our gate we we told that there would be a 3 hour delay. The overall experience was worsening by the minute. We
Top notch,"Couldn't have asked for a more pleasant crew. On-time outbound departure with an early arrival, and early return departure with an early arrival. Basic COMPLIMENTARY snack service (beverage, chips/cookies). Eady check-in on-line, plenty of space for carry-on back-pack, very"
JetBlue...Always Reliable,I have travelled JetBlue for over 12 years regularly. It's a safe and reliable airline with decent accommodations for it's passengers. I always get the Extra Legroom seat for quick and easy boarding and deplaning.
Family Visit,"I love flying JetBlue. The seats are comfy, the tv is a huge plus and everyone is so nice. They are on time all the time. I fly with my mom who needs a wheelchair and they are prompt to get her in the chair and take us to the gate then come back just before the flight to"
Nice comfortable flight,"Comfortable seats and very pleasant staff. If you are picking up this flight after flying in from Dublin be careful to pick a flight with enough time for them to transfer your luggage. If not they were great about having our bag delivered the next morning at not cost to us. "
Unknown delays,We were traveling back to New York from a Jamaica vacation and our flight left at 3:30pm. We checked departures before leaving the resort and everything was on time. We got to the airport around 11:45am and the airport was very quick getting us into the terminal. The departures
Uncomfortable seats and rude flight attendants,"This was my first time to fry JetBlue. Everyone has raves about the great seats onboard especially in first class so I went for it since it was a long flight across country. Other than the seats fully reclining to flat, I didn’t find the other positions very comfortable at all."
Great Flight on Jetblue,"Love JetBlue, the only airline that has so much room for seats in economy. The only thing now is that they recently raised the rates for checked bag."
Consistently the best service and competitive prices,"I fly this route 2-3x/month. The JetBlue staff know how to communicate and commiserate when there are delays and always go out of their way to thank me for being a frequent flyer(Mosaic). There is only 1 gate in Philly, it's in a low traffic terminal so it's super easy to get"
Emergent Trip,Excellent staff who were available to answer questions. The staff were responsive which made flying less stressful.
Wonderful surprise,I was hesitant about flying Jet Blue. The price was great and competitive. The plane had great leg room...TV...WiFi...assortment of beverages and snacks. There were choices between four or five different snacks. Plane was clean and on time service to and from destination
Trip to Ft Lauderdale,Flight check in was smooth. Felt lucky not to be randomly selected for security searches this time as it occurred in my last two consecutive flights. I was not surprised that the flight was delayed by an hour as this seems to be normal with Jet blue. The take off and flight
Always a good experience,Always have a good experience flying JetBlue. Price includes carried bag. Decent seats. Friendly flight crew. Superior TV monitor viewing experience.
Great Flight to FLL,Quick economy flight for business purposes. I check in from my smart phone. Late afternoon flight hardly any lines. Passed from check in to gate in less than 15 minutes.
JFK - New York and Jet Blue -- Have Gotten Way too Big,Jet Blue is ALWAYS my airline of choice and they do a great job of getting passengers to their destination -- even at JFK. My problem with JFK and JetBlue is that it's just gotten way too big and in that way too big arena -- they've lost their personal touch. I've felt this
Great Flight,"I flew on a summer day, it was a great flight, on time, if not a little early. Atlanta airport is gigantic, but jetful having their own wing, made it much easier. Plenty of nice places to catch a cold beer and a bite"
JetBlue passes with flying colors,"On a recent trip returning home to NY from Turks and Caicos, I had what could have turned into a nightmare flight. On arrival to Ft Lauderdale for my connection, an email alerted me to a severe delay for my connecting flight to JFK. Immediately on exiting the customs area, I"
"Friendly, On-time and better leg room","I was very happy with our JetBlue experience. Both our outgoing and return flights were on time - which is huge when traveling. The leg room was pretty good for economy but on the way back we were lucky enough to get the ""even more leg room"" seats. SO WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!! I, at"
JetBlue Airines,Comfortable flight- more legroom than on other fights. Service pleasant and efficient. Check-in was easy and professionally done.
spacious & courteous,"Normally domestic airlines squeeze rows to get maximum number of seats there by reducing the Legroom, but in JetBlue I found ample legroom for any size of person. Secondly, in a flight of 4.30 hrs they may serve snacks and some drinks once, but in JetBlue they served twice which"
Super impressed!,This was our 1st time flying JetBlue and we will DEFINITELY fly them again! Every staff member we encountered was super friendly. We got multiple snacks and drinks. There was also enough leg room for my 6’1 husband to sit comfortably. Wonderful experience overall!
One of the Best in the U.S.A.,I have never had a rally bad experience with Jet Blue unlike some people who can find something wrong with any airline and probably Emirates or Qatar. I was attempting to get back to Boston after working for 2 weeks and had listed myself on the 1530 flight and tried to get
Seasonal round trip flight to New York at a very low price,JetBlu operates a seasonal non-stop flight from Palm Springs to JFK in New York. This route only operates from late fall to early spring and the price is unbelievably low. The flight to JFK is the overnight red-eye and the flight back to Palm Springs leaves in the early evening.
Older unaccompanied minor,This was my first experience having my grandaughter fly alone. She's 14 and too old to travel as an unaccompanied minor. JetBlue was great. She boarded early and sat front row. Stewards checked on her frequently. Arriving in DC she was escorted to where I met her at the
This airline does it right!,Their customer service is always spot on. You don't have to pay for a carry on. Love that they have free WIFI on every flight. Snacks are on point. Water was leaking from the ceiling and the flight attendant was able to shift seats around so I did not have to sit under it. There
A comfortable flight,The seat are wide and enough leg room to cross your legs makes for a comfortable and relaxing flight. Unlimited individual sized snacks and full can of your choice of beverage. Always fly this airline when offering competitive airfare.
My first time on JetBlue Mint,"I took a red-eye from Seattle to Boston. It was my first experience with JetBlue Mint which really means ""first class."" The lie-flat seats were terrific. I slept all the way. Now if JetBlue would only get rid of those obnoxious fees for checked luggage I'd be a happy traveler."
JetBlue,The plane departed on schedule. The extra space seats were well worth the extra money. Stewardesses were pleasant and helpful. Flight was mostly smooth. Landing was perfect.
Great Flight as usual DELAYED,We really enjoy our experiences on JetBlu once we get on the plane. The fact is that this flight is delayed 4 out of 5 times we have taken it. The delay status of the JetBlu flights is a joke among those of us who regularly use this airline.
"Actually flew them twice this trip & both were late, no explanation & service horrible.",I flew on this round trip ticket. Both flights were delayed with very little if any explanation. Flight attendants appeared to be bothered if any question asked. Will not fly them again.
Great Flight,The BEST airline... the flight attendants on the trip to Orlando were AWESOME! Friendly and entertaining. It was my 5 year old granddaughter's birthday and they came and wished her a Happy Birthday AND gave both her and her 3 year brother a nice surprise. The seats were not
Family reunion,I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the average seat and leg space on the average size plane. It was not overcrowded with flyers. The stewards and stewardesses were phenomenal! Our flight was so quick! I had flown many times on American and south western with remorse and
JetBlue really JetPerfect,"On time, attentive flight crew, great legroom and pleasant experience . Pilot communicated well despite ongoing hurricane below."
JetBlue,My family and I enjoyed our flight. This was the second time for me travelling with JetBlue. Always professionalism and excellent customer care. The flight attendants are quick to help when needed and to share special moments. Always love that the flight attendants and the
Ca to Texas,"I've flown JetBlue to Austin,from Long Beach,Ca twice now.It's always been a very good experience.The crews are friendly and gracious.Long Beach,Ca airport is a small clean regional airport.Great place."
Go Jet Blue!,Greg service. When delayed for two hours we got explanation every 15 minutes (was weather delay). Seats very comfortable. Will use them again.
I love jetBlue,"Just flew home to Chicago this past August for a high school reunion. The flights both ways were trouble free and pleasant. The flight back to Boston was really great; it had a lot of empty seats! My only complaint, which has nothing to do with this particular airline, is that"
Always a good flight,"When it comes to flying, I always try to book with Jetblue. The flight attendants are friendly and the seats are more spacious. It also seems that Jetblue does more direct flights than other airlines out there. There was even a time when our flight was delayed due to the weather"
Delay Delay Delay,"Love the flight once you get in the air, but it seems at least 8 out of 10 times there is a DELAY . My husband flies at least once a month and unless he gets on the early flight we know he will be DELAYED. Also most of the time the tv doesn’t work. Snacks are great.."
A fast and efficient airline that is cost effective.,"JetBlue may seem a bit pricey when compared to some of the no-frills airlines like Spirit Airlines, but you have to look more closely than the seat price. With carry-on pricing of $45-$65 and your 1st checked bag at another $40-$65, the difference quickly vanishes. And airlines"
Awesome introduction to JetBlue,"After usually flying the big three ""traditional"" US airlines so many times, it was refreshing to fly on an airline where the employees seemed like they actually wanted to work there. We took JetBlue non-stop between JFK and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. The experience at JFK"
JetBlue Becoming Black & Blue?,JetBlue has always been my airline of choice but now I think they're becoming just like all the rest. They added the bag charge now it's the usual airline complaints. Tough trip from Denver to Boston. Waited 30 minutes to check bags while being told that their windows don't open
"Care and concern go a long way, at a time of need...",Traveling on a non-refundable ticket during a travel advisory due to Florence hurricane was scary with unexpected delays. JetBlue customer service rebooked us at no cost that was a great relief and one more thing to deal with. An incredible inflight service definitely won
Finally!!,Finally an airline whose jets are comfortable and roomy. Gate agents were professional and personable. I can't wait to fly Jet Blue again!
JetBlue Outshines the other Airlines!,I find JetBlue to offer more leg room than any of the other airlines. They were polite and the agent was willing to explain why there was a delay and when we might be boarding the plane. The pilot made up some time so the flight did not arrive too late in New York where I had
Excellent flight,"We’ve been flying JetBlue for years, primarily to Boston/Logan. Non-stop from Richmond to Boston, hard to beat! One hour and 30 minutes, more or less. Crews have been unfailingly cheerful, and the pilots have been outstanding, even in rough weather. They have made some superior"
Best Airline ever,"Easy to use website. Excellent reservation protocols. Quick, efficient customer service at Fort Lauderdale Airport counter. Kind and smiling flight attendants. Great baggage policy. Simply the best!!!"
JetBlue or nothing,"My wife and I always prefer JetBlue over all airlines . And not that our 1 year old is traveling with is , JetBlue makes everything easy and comfortable. Plus the JetBlue points are fun and easy"
Always fun to fly with,"I have to say I don't feel like the seat in front of me is in my lap. Staff is always helpful and friendly. Free tv, wifi, and snacks always help as well!"
Great experience,"Extra legroom, leather seats, your own TV on each seat and full cans of your beverages. Friendly agents and inflight. What more could you want?!?! I fly jetblue all the time and it is definitely my first choice."
Comfortable and movies!,Comfortable seating and free movies made the flight very enjoyable. I appreciated the easy boarding and quick baggage unloading.
Flight to the Dominican Republic,The flight was great! On time both ways. The crew was friendly and professional and assisted us with international forms and transportation issues.
JetBlue is the best!!!,JetBlue always exceeds expectations. From the comfort and additional space of the seats to the multi channel TVs and the exemplary service of the staff. I’m a FAN!!!
I always travel jetblue,"Some have plenty of things to say but flights always on time. Even get there early. Staff is very friendly for years it’s been the same agents,I want to say last 6 years agents have changed but never a rude one. Very helpful when travelled with children. And they never change"
Flight to paradise,"This was a full flight, yet we got great service. The free movies list was long and current. TV and music also provided on our personal screen."
Business in Chicago,Very friendly crew and were very accommodating. On the return trip plane was delayed on the tarmac due to high traffic and the people working to board us as quickly as possible
Always Welcome,"I recently flew round trip from NYC to PUJ on Jetblue. I always like Jetblue because the staff is very friendly and accomadating. Flying can be a hassle but Jetblue has very comfy seats, great snacks and a great in flight movie selection. They tend to be more reasonably priced"
best airline. hands down,nothing like an airline that does the right thing . service people and equipment best. planes are always clean people are always nice and flights are 99.99999% on time. fly jet blue you will love it no if ands or buts.
Great airline,Great airline and awesome service.i would recommend this airline.probably better than ther airlines in the USA.
Cali,"I haven't flown a lot, but this airline is best I've ever been on, the extra room in the seats, tv for every seat, inet, etc. Great friendly staff on plane, bag checkers were also nice and helpful, which is definitely different from other airlines! Highly recommend this airline."
Calm & Peaceful,"Jetblue is my favor Airlines more than 10 years, however I have been feeling dizzy flying with Jetblue in recent years , the Jetblue terminal in JFK always full packed , the Japan restaurant inside terminal 5, some time good some time just terrible , not too pricy ! Buffet not"
Golden Girls 2.0,First time traveling with JetBlue. Easy easy easy. Streamlined online check-in process and boarding!! Can't wait for my next trip!
Jet Blue was excellent,It was the first time I have traveled on this airline the service was excellent. The service personnel went out of their way to help you. When I get the chance I will book with them again.
JetBlue flying low,I always like to take Jet Blue when I can. It seems like they are not giving the services they use to. I’m very sad about this. I loved this airline but poor attitudes and terrible lateness make for an unpleasant experience. Too bad!!
Non stop to Orego.,We had the extra legroom seat which is very generous. This includes a checked bag so it’s an additional value. It included snacks and soft drinks. JetBlue has an entertainment system but the movies were playing on a schedule not on demand. This was a cross country flight
First flight on JetBlue-won't be my last,"This was one of the most comfortable flights I have ever been on. I do not normally enjoy flying but this was the exception, The tvs on the back of the seats also helped to make flight go by very quickly."
Thet held the plain for us in Long Beach,"We were flying from Austin to Portland. Changing flights in Long Beach. Our flight was late leaving Texas. And when we arrived, they cleared our way to our waiting flight which the had held for us."
Always Great,"They always come through. Their prices are very good. You can make seat reservations. Free snacks and drinks. Their planes are always very clean and well maintained. Staff is friendly and efficient. I was in the ""cheap"" seats and had plenty leg room."
First time fail,"Typically I love flying JetBlue but this flight changed that. Nickel-and-diming you to death. Air conditioning was so cold that they were selling blankets. A week before July! Movie screens didn't work for some people, had to pay for ear pieces to watch the movie, drinks and"
The one to choose,"JetBlue is still the best choice if you can get it. It's been around long enough that it isn't squeaky clean anymore, but they still have individual entertainment units, reasonable legroom, great prices, excellent service, and are clean."
Lost and Found,Mistakenly left behind a bag of souvenirs on the flight. Was only able to submit an online lost of property. Was unable to speak to a representative regarding this issue. JetBlue has not contacted me to resolve this matter. Highly disappointed with this airline. Would not
JetBlue fast becoming a favorite,"Besides leaving very early in the am, and trying to up-sale earbuds, pillows and blankets on a two hour flight, the flight left on on time and arrived early. Competent and friendly attendants make this a great airline. Now if they allowed a checked bag for JetBlue credit card"
Pleasant Journey,I took Jetblue on a roundtrip flight to and from DC. Both flights were pleasant and relatively pain free. The crews at both gates as well as on both flights were professional and friendly. We were loaded and ready to go on both flights on time and with a minimum of fuss. I am a
User Friendly,"As expected...11/2 hour delay...weather. We made up a little time, but we were still a hour late into FLL."
Mr.,Service on the economy airline was really good. Our flight left early and arrived even earlier. Baggage was on the carousel before I was able to get there.
Another good Flight,Everything was really great. Enjoyed the extra Leg Room. It was a quick flight. What else can I say.
Outstanding,"""Mint"" is JetBlue's (new?) business class. Wow. Just wow. Whoever designed the seats/ surrounding area should get a medal.Little pouch for your phone (right next to 2 outlets plus USB port plus headphone jack). Place to put your shoes (and the BEST airplane socks ever). A slot"
Flew on JetBlue in August.,"We fly JetBlue whenever we can. Their economy seats provide very good leg room unless you are very tall. The flight Attendants are friendly and helpful. They provide free snakes and soft drinks and juices. The seats could be a little wider( I am a big guy) , but you can say"
Quick and efective,I was traveling early in the morning. Everything was good and fast. The plane was in good condition.
Can't beat JetBlue for cross country service!,"The Mint experience is always a pleasure, if you can do it. JetBlue is almost always on time, sometimes even early which is unexpected, but welcome! The staff is friendly and the planes are comfortable. I can't bare the thought of flying United or American again."
Great Service!,"Best airline I have used, no issues and great customer service! I also love that they have free Wi-Fi!"
Horrible experience,"It was round trip. On the way there, flight was delayed and they sent us notifications with updates. However they closed the gate much earlier than supposed to. One more family and I with my little son missed it. On the way back the flight was delayed by almost 4 hours. The"
Monitor went off,Great flight except the monitor went off on all 3 of us sitting in my row. We noticed the arm covered was loose.
Terrible,It was terrible. The Mint service was a joke. Waited almost one hour for our luggage. Planedid nothave a gate ar SEA. Took a hot crazy bus to the terminal.
Uncomfortable seats,I used to love flying with JetBlue with the most comfortable planes and TV's in each seat. This August we had 8 flights with them since we had multiple stops and multiple locations. The planes felt old and the seats were flat and hard and uncomfortable. I was miserable on every
Professional and courteous staff,"We always choose Jet Blue when flying to South Florida from Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos Islands. We appreciate the professional and courteous staff from the check in at the airport, at the gate and when boarding the plane."
TrueBlue Truly,One of the best airlines where space WiFi and Tv services are available for passengers. Free snacks and coffee served on board too! I have always traveled with Jet Blue and touch wood never experienced delays and discomfort since the last 4 years!
I enjoy flying Jet Blue,Don’t find the crews always friendly maybe the same on other airlines. But enjoy the company overall
A trip in review,"I had a medical emergency in my family and had to go from San Juan to Cleveland in a rush.I explained the situation to the desk clerks, who gave me a boarding pass to pass the checkpoint. And the gate, explained the emergency again, showed some emails and Picture and received"
JetBlue Meets Our Needs,"JetBlue has always been good in my opinion, but is increasingly getting better with each flight I take. Flight personnel are professional, courteous and really care about passengers. Unlike other airlines, regarding customer concerns, JetBlue takes them seriously and"
My favorite airline,"After trying several airlines I have found Jetblue a top airline. More space than most airplanes, good overhead space, big carry-on space. They have a good variety of drinks and snacks plus food for purchase. Most airplanes have gogo internet and a wireless entertainment system."
Excellent Airline,"I fly Jetblue fairly often and they usually don’t disappoint. Passengers are boarded quickly, flights take off close to departure time. There is plenty of legroom and unlimited snacks and drinks. A homerun in my book."
Paradise,Jamaica is our dream vacation spot so you can imagine how excited we were about our trip. Our little one had never been on that long of a flight before so we were praying for a smooth ride. JetBlue answered our prayers. Both flights were smooth and without incident. The
Jetblue,This is a great airline. Personnel is helpful and friendly. Every seat has a TV with lots of channels.
Round trip to Vegas on JetBlue,"We try to always fly on JetBlue because we have had great flights in the past. This time we used our frequent flyer miles to fly round trip, We used our JetBlue Barclay's credit card so there was no charge for two checked bags. The flights were on time and we had our"
Could be greaf,Love the seat  pitch hope they never change that. Planes need seats to be overhauled as leather has exceeded its lifespan. WIFI was inoperable on the flight which was the primary reason I booked on JB. the Doctor Hit me with some BIG LOVE ❤️ and a helpful VOTE!
Another great JetBlue flight,"We went for a spring vacation to NM and CO and found a affordable flight on JetBlue. As usual it was a great experience. Friendly and helpful staff and crew, nice plane, comfortable seats. I will always pick JetBlue over other airlines if available."
On time and great service,Another great JetBlue flight . Flight was on time leaving and arriving. Quick flight but great service and great comfort. Can’t help but love the snack options . Getting ready to go cross country from Boston to San Fran in two weeks and looking forward to another great
Weekend trip,Excellent leg room. Seat pitch is 34 inches at no extra cost. There is no need to pay extra for more legroom. I am 6’ 4” tall and was very comfortable.
"Easy, simple, on time and nice.",Nice roundtrip flight between Orlando and Cancun on JetBlue - left on time - arrived ahead of time -nice airplane and decent videos to watch. Prices were great and made it all worth while!
Great but traveling is too early,I love flying on JetBlue. It is only a less than 2 hr flight but their departures from Fort Lauderdale are extremely early to the point of getting up before dawn to be on time.
Non-stop flight from NYC to Sacramento,"Great, on-time, full flight. Very friendly, helpful and professional cabin attendants. They made numerous trips to offer refreshments and snacks. The cost of trip through this airline was great!"
"Great Staff, Easy travel","JetBlue is my go-to airline. I travel a lot and look for JetBlue to get me there. They honor loyalty and treat customers well, most cases."
Nice service with unexpected extra time in the tarmac.,Had a nice in-flight experience as usual with JetBlue. On my way to Havana the flight was a bit delayed for take off due to a storm but we arrived to Havana at the time we were supposed to. Nice leg room and good customer service. On the way back we left Havana in time and
Good Service,"Profession, approachable and pleasant. For my first flight, the staff really eased my jitters. From check-in to the point of disembarkation; the staff and service they provided was beyond professional."
Punta Cana,Was excellent. I cant complain. All good on time. No hassle. The fly was very short. Loved it and hopping to go again soon.
JetBlue,It was very pleasant short flight. On time departure and arrival. Very smooth ride. Flight attendants were extremely kind and professional. Inside of plane was fairly clean.
Walkhill Trip,"Great service with a smile. Our electronic ticket on the phone disappeared and we were in A class. We were quickly escorted to ticket counter, the guy multi-tasked; printed our ticket had a bilingual conversation with another customer and signaled to let cut the line to board."
"""Not as Boujee""","I have flown JetBlue on three occasions and first off, I am VERY impressed with the website because you can easily select TSA, which is sooooooooooo great! Your ticket prints out with this icon and you just breeze by security . On other airline websites if you want TSA, you"
I was stranded overnight in Fort Lauderdale due to weather and customer service did not cover my overnight stay.,The customer service agent in Ft. Lauderdale rebooked my flight but did not accommodate me nor help me as he knew I was visibly upset. I could have stayed in Nassau if I knew my flight to Albany had departed. I asked the gate agents in Nassau if my flight was still there and
leisure trip,Great ride down to Savanah left and arrived on time. Flew the week of hurricane Florence and on the return trip I called to change our flight to a day earlier and didn't know if we would get out and the agent couldn't of been nicer and let us change with no fees and left hours
Comfortable flight,"Need wheelchair assistance at both airport which was provided at no extra cost. They assisted at departure and arrival. Paid extra for more leg room, which was good but pricey. Would fly JetBlue again. They also had more nonstop then others"
Old but ok,Plane seems to be pretty outdated. Few of the controls on the arm rest were broken. No power outlet. Unlimited snacks and drinks were good. Crew were friendly and efficient.
Great flight,"We love Jet Blue. Our flight was right on time, seats were comfortable, and the staff was lovely. We watched movies which helped to make a long flight seem shorter."
Value for money,The flight was on time and the cabin crew was friendly and efficient. The pilot kept us informed at all times and the flight was pretty smooth.
"Flawless, Friendly Flight!","We boarded when we were supposed to. Lag time from the time we boarded to the time we took off was minimal and it was a full flight! The staff was friendly throughout the flight. Even though it was a cloudy day and the flight could have been bumpy, it wasn't. We were served"
Catching a connecting flight,"Very nice people at ticketing, very good service. The ticketing agent was very helpful in a very stressful situation. The plane was very clean, the flight attendants were very nice and friendly."
First time I used this airline,First use. I choose because of the extra leg room. It was an uneventful flight which is always good. They appeared to handle everything efficiently.
Lots of room and choices for entertainment,We booked the extra room seats. For the extra room you get they are worth it. The flight attendants are very helpful too. We flew on one of the new planes that had a snack station. That was very convenient and what a good idea. The only complaint I have is my seat was
Favorite domestic flight,"When it comes to flying domestically at a reasonable fair, my wife and I only fly JetBlue. We have never had a bad experience, their flight crew is always incredibly friendly and attentive. Seats are confortable and decent leg room, even without the extra space add on (which is"
New Orleans trip,"JetBlue is my favorite airline, plenty of legroom, free Direct TV in each seat, free WiFi, great crews...always competent and friendly. If available, they are the only airline we'll fly."
Getting a bus,I had to fly down to Ft Lauderdale to go to Pompano Beach to pick up a bus for our our church and drive it back to VA. Flight was great and smooth.
Always enjoy this airline,"We wanted to change our flight to a day earlier to get ahead of Hurricane Florence. Even though our destination wasn’t being directly affected, by not far from th affected areas, they weren’t waiving the change fees, but was willing to do it as a courtesy. Our changed flight"
All Good,I have flown Jetblue a few times and each time was fine. The seats are kinda comfortable and I usually upgrade to be closer to the door. The flight crew has always been nice
Nice trip,Don't fly Jet Blue very often but it was very comfortable and will try them again whenever possible.
past 3 flights - emtertainmnet did not work,While I used to look for JetBlue flights due to the friendliness of the staff and the in flight entertainment - that is no longer the case. The staff are ok - not as friendly. The last 43 flights I took had problem with the entertainment - tv didn't work or the entire system was
Like the inflight entertainment and free wifi,"JetBlue is reasonably priced, has ""OK"" leg room, good snacks/drinks, and nice staff. I've found them generally to be on-time, and to keep me informed when there are delays"
will always try to fly jetblue,had connecting flights coming and going. most comfy seats ever! great snacks compared to two teaspoons of pretzels most airlines provide. Only wish more direct flights from Newburgh.
First time on JetBlue,"First time flying JetBlue and didn’t know what to expect. The price was right, the seats seemed to have more legroom than other airlines. The best part was free WiFi for everyone on board. Great way to pass the time. More airlines should offer this to economy class. If"
"Trip to San Francisco, CA","Excellent fight, smooth, on time and very nice crew, from the pilots to the gate attendants, the flight attendants were very helpful."
Flying from Atlanta to Boston! Going to rent a van and roadtrip from Maine to Georgia!,We had a wonderful flight with THE best stewardess! She made my sister feel comfortable knowing it was her first flight.
Last Minute Flight,"My husband and I were about to drive to Maine and decided in the first 20 minutes to check JetBlue. Not only did we find a great deal but the flight was awesome! Our flight to Boston was quick, we were able to watch in flight DirecTV and the service was awesome! I’ve always"
I Love Jetblue!!,"Jetblue was so comfortable with more legroom than other planes. There is a personal tv with cable to watch on the back of every headrest, and the snacks were better quality than other airlines. I would fly Jetblue again and again"
Vacation trip,Excellent sevices and comfy seats. Departure was on schedule and they even offered free check in bags.
Ultimate service,"Awesome. I’m a mosaic member and had missed my first flight. I arrived timely for my second flight, but cut it too close to guarantee my luggage would make the flight. The young lady, Pamela, sensed to was in no rush, said she could accommodate me on the next flight and directed"
Always a good flight,JetBlue is my favorite airline and they continue to hold that position. I always by the Even More Space seat and it's always comfortable with the most leg room. Flight attendants are always nice and helpful.
JetBlue rock...most of the time,"The majority of my flights have been with JetBlue if they go where I'm flying, I have to say that 90 percent of the time, all is good. This trip to Mexico was good. My partner was I'll and they made it their business to try and get him everything he needed. However, on the way"
Clean roomy airplane,Annoyed ncements were clear and appropriate. Departure delay was communicated efficiently through both a text and an email. Boarding was better than I experienced on other airlines.
Best airline,I have traveled Jetblue for the past 10 years but only on short trips from Long Beach to Vegas. I never expected that their long flight from Lax to Ft. Lauderdale be as comfortable. Not to mention great pricing and the service. If Jetblue goes where I want to go it is my choice
Good Flight Experience,"Good flight experience at both locations and on the plane.Like the free movies, tv and wifi. I will fly Jetblue again."
My favorite airline,"Every time I have to travel, the first thing I do is check if JetBlue travels to that destination. They are always on time, their seats are comfortable, they have the best selection of snacks and a wide variety of entertainment options. Definitely my #1 choice."
JetBlue- Even More makes flying fun!,JetBlue even more is a great way to fly! Early boarding and more room are worth paying for- it makes flying relaxing and fun. The JetBlue service is always fine and the entertainment is first rate.
Great staff..!,"Amazing, and very professional airline. Staff is always friendly and fun . Would highly recommend JetBlue. Always good snacks for our family. Wish more airlines would follow JetBlue blue print. We actually arrived 30 min early , which is always a good thing when your on"
Jet blue customer service at the check inn counter,"Jet blue associate , the people working at the checking counter so rude, I’m Colombian and I live in USA, I have double citizenship , general questions as reason of traveling to us , who packed your bags, have you receive items from people , etc , but questions like “ I noticed"
Best airline!,The flight was on time. Check in people were kind and efficient. The best thing about JetBlue is the amazing FREE in flight entertainment! The free snacks and beverages were great. This is my new #1 choice when I fly!!!
Family Vacation,We took our 2 kids - age 14 & 11 to NYC. I was very nervous about the flight with the two kids but JetBlue was awesome. Each seat has its own video display so when the phones died they still had something to do besides act crazy on a flight. I will be flying with JetBlue anytime
"Poor service, average flight",Flight was delayed 3 hours. Very little information as to updates and staffing was limited at the airport. Flight attendants seemed tired and overworked because they were pulled to cover the flight. In flight entertainment was nice to help pass the time however the plane was
Wonderful Airline JetBlue,"I had never flown JetBlue before and this was a great experience! Seats were very comfy and roomy; snack was great; flight attendants were awesome; pilot was great too! If I ever have a choice of an airline to fly, it will definitely be JetBlue!!"
A last minute trip to St. Maarten,I think the flight was one of the best I have had this year. JetBlue goes out of their way in service and this time was no exception!
Redeye,"Impressed with the well kept clean airline. It was a first time traveling with them. They try to make you as comfortable as possible, being that it is a night flight. The plane was big and did not feel over crowded like other airlines who have seats TOO close together. It felt a"
JetBlue,"Really love JetBlue with extra leg room. This is the only airline I will fly now. Service, courtesy & comfort all A+. Do not mind paying extra to be comfortable. Pilots & Staff are all very pleasant. #1 Airline in my book!"
Summer getaway,Been Flying Jet Blue for years !!! Very few delays nothing to get upset about at least when I fly with them. Crew members pilote n helpful ... wouldn’t fly any other way unless to a place they don’t fly too
JetBlue is reliable,JetBlue is always reliable as we have been using them for at least 10 years. Never late. Always on time. Professional service.
Comfortable and affordable,Excellent price and the most leg room we have had for quite some time. Comfortable and on time. I would highly recommend this airline and plan to use it in the future whenever possible.
Flight cancelled at check-in and no assistance from JetBlue,"Flight was cancelled at check-in, supposedly due to weather despite all other airlines were still to the same destination at same departure times. We had to join a queue that took almost 3 hours to reach the desk to find out what was happening. There were passengers from 3"
"Ouf flight out, which was a red eye was great. Our flight home, not so much.","Our flight to Syracuse was awesome. However, our return flights were delayed by hours so the pilots could get enough sleep. We were supposed to be in San Diego by 10:34 a.m. and didn't land until 8:00 p.m. We had a 5 hour layover in Boston, after a 3 hour delay from Syracuse."
Smooth Ride and On Time,I never had a problem with JetBlue this fight was smooth and on time. I watched a movie a before it knew it was in Fort Lauderdale
A320s are showing their age,Old planes that they are getting top dollar fares for. Total fare for 2 was $780 round trip which included extra leg room both ways. One seat had a busted reading light. Both seats had LCD screens that were not working correctly. Tweeted my frustration to @JetBlue and did
Great trip!,"I am so impressed with JetBlue! They started boarding on time and departure and arrival were both early! The whole operation was very efficient. All staff were pleasant throughout the process. I love that checked bags are included, as are snacks and soft drinks."
Old plane without amenities,"I'm not a huge JetBlue fan (they only do one full service run with ice on prior flights we've taken that were over 7 hours!), but we have always appreciated that their seats have battery charges at every seat. Until this return flight from PLS, that is. The plane was"
Jetblue Mint,"Jetblue was great, nice crew, good food, however, the seats are WAY too hard for me. I had to triple up on blankets. They could have a better selection of movies."
Great every time,"Always a good flight, employes are always nice and helpful. Only time there is an issue is when there is weather."
Delays both ways from the Dominican Republic,A 45 minute flight turned into a 4 hour and 45 minute flight. Problems with the plane caused a 4 hour delay.
Flying with JetBlue is always a pleasure.,"This is my favorite airline. Tickets are usually pretty cheap, and you get so much value for what you pay for. The aircrafts are up to date and the staff is always friendly. Each seat is equipped with it's own tv screen, so you can choose from multiple tv networks, movies, or"
Normally JetBlue is great...but...,"I prefer to fly with JetBlue. We usually have a great experience. This time, not so much. The plane was delayed on both of our flights. Our return was not only delayed 2 hours, the inflight entertainment did not work also. The stewards were professional and friendly."
Are there any airlines that are good?,"Before I say what I have to say, I thank the captains and flight crew for getting us to and from our destinations safely and all the parts stayed intact on the plane.. like I said in my title? Not enough room, it smells, tv sometimes works. It’s cold, it’s hot. Hopefully you sit"
Great flight,Great red eye. Got bigger seats with more leg room. Very good flight. Crew was great! Newer plane. Snack bar in middle of plane. Was told to help yourself if you wanted extra treats.
JetBlue....jetbest,This airline is absolutely excellent all around. Great service on the ground and in he air. Their rates are very affordable!! I highly recommend JetBlue
Only way to travel!,"Have travelled with Jet Blue almost forever. Great Airline, Great Service USUALLY On Time ! Have had a few flight delays recently, but that is not the norm. TV is Good, but sometimes one or more does not work. They Did COMPENSATE us for the few delays that we had. Only Airline"
JetBlue for comfort,"I find that JetBlue consistently has efficient workers when boarding in the terminal and on the plane. Our flights have been on time, sometimes even a few minutes ahead of schedule. The seats are a bit more comfortable than other airlines."
Smooth ride!,"There were weather problems leaving that morning on Jan. 18. However, I was kept informed with updates, letting me know that the flight was delayed and gave me a new time of departure. There were several updates after that, so I had a really good idea of what time I needed to be"
Best of the business,"This was my first time on Jet Blue and I found everything about it to be superior. Economy plus seating was actually comfortable. In flight amenities, even for this short flight, were free wifi, movies, etc. The cabin crew was excellent, attentive, friendly."
We were in good hands,"Flying to Nashville was thankfully uneventful. Everyone was friendly, the seats are very comfortable and the flight was extremely smooth and right on time. Coming back to Boston was equally as smooth a flight that took off again right on time. Love this airline."
JetBlue has never let me down...,When all other airlines are failing their clients left and right I have to say every time I fly JetBlue the employees are so professional and helpful. The flight left early and arrived early. I got a call that my mother who was on hospice was declining so within hours I not only
Consistently hospitable,Very friendly and accommodating flight staff . Clean and comfortable seats with entertainment and endless snacks !
just a bit better than everyone else,"Leg room is great, snacks are better than most domestic airlines, crew is generally more pleasant. Direct TV entertainment at every seat. When the Direct TV is not working, they give me a $15 credit for JetBlue use in the future. My favorite airline. Gate people keep you"
Good leg room on the flight but unconfortable seats,"Options on plane are good. I like leg space since I am tall man and this plane had one of the best leg spaces for domestic flight. However, seat was little bit on hard side. I got tired and my a** was hurting at end of the flight (it is 5 and half hours flight). They did serve"
Surprisingly comfortable,"I fly a great deal and was impressed with JetBlue’s seating. One flight from Boston to JFK, NY had 2 seats on each side of the aisle and was much less cramped in the aisle and leg room areas. Flight from NY to CA was long but comfortable with free WiFi, free movies, etc. "
Fun times to Punta Cana,"Our Family Vacation took us to Punta Cana from Ft. Lauderdale. We researched flights on Google flights, and found that Jet Blue had the best departure times, leaving not too early, on our check in date, and not too early on our check out date. When flying over the mountain range"
Excellent Flight experience,Flight left a few mins early and arrived early. No issues with the flight at all. Very smooth flight and nice flight attendants.
Love Jet Blue.. only way to fly,"Wonderful airline, great crew, direct flight. What more can you ask for? JetBlue is the airline for me. I know they added Mint Service. Not really sure what that is."
Great Leg Room,was traveling with someone in a wheelchair for the first time ever and wasn't sure how it was all going to work out. But the crew was wonderful on the ground and in the air can't say enough on how helpful they were. As always the leg room is the best out of all the other
Early departure and on time arrival,"JetBlue in the summer, even with air traffic into JFK, we landed at about the time we were supposed to give or take 10 minutes. They told us immediately while we're on the tarmac, before departing Logan, that traffic into JFK would delay us, but it wasn't a really big"
Flight cancelled: here is change for lunch,"Flight from DCA to MCO was uneventful, which is a good thing. Flight back was delayed three times: we got text messages 15 minutes before each delay. Not nearly enough time to make alternative plans. At the airport, we were notified that the flight is cancelled. As a token of"
They took care of us on a flight that the plane broke down,"We got on the plane on time @ 220 PM and was ready to leave when the pilot got on the P A and said we had some sort of problems that had to be fixed by maintenance, after a half hour they told us we had to get of the plane because this plane was going out of service, then we"
JetBlue round trip flight,"Good flight, adequate legroom and seats. Good inflight service. Departed and arrived on time. No complaints."
Always a Smooth Flight into the Blue!,"Our check-in was pretty smooth, no hassles, boarding was very organized, the Stewards were pleasant enough. At least they weren't arrogant or had ""mean"" faces. That was comforting. In flight entertainment was pretty good, at least you had some choices of a movie or regular tv."
Great flight and service,We only fly once a year but JetBlue always makes it a very easy experience. Everyone we dealt with was always very pleasant and the flights are always on time with great service on the plane. Excellent flying experience.
Good flight,This was a smooth flight. It was on time and quick. The crew was friendly and welcoming. I try to use JetBlue for most of my travels except when I travel to Europe.
Perfect from start to finish,"Great flight with a wonderful crew, everything was great. The leg room on Jet blue was very surprising to us, it was our first jet blue flight, it will not be our last."
Great flight but two hour delay,Flew to Orlando from Hartford but we had a two hour delay which impacted my rental car as the office closed at 10 pm and we did not land till 10:15 pm. Stranded at the airport had to go to the car rental at the airport to rent a car at a higher price. Besides the delay by
Best service airline,"Jetblue is the only airline currently providing FREE wifi over continental US. Not just wifi, the speed was tested at 10Mb/s per connection as advertised. There were some instances wifi was not working well but no one should complain since it is free. There were all you can eat"
Always delayed,Anytime I have flown JetBlue in the past year the flight has been delayed 2+ hours! What is going on JetBlue!? You use to be the best and now every time is a terrible delay with no information and barely any money back. I won’t be booking every flight on JetBlue anymore that’s
MCO - JFK Comfy,"It was a short 3 hour flight to NY JFK from Orlando, FL. I wasn't really picky about this except I refused to fly with certain airlines (AA/SW/and a few others). The seats were comfy, and the staff friendly. I didn't care for the food. Snacks either. I just wanted to get to"
"Decent snacks, free wifi, and courteous staff","I know I'm one of MANY passengers on a plane and compared to those in first class/business class, my ticket price isn't a big deal to them, but I always feel valued on JetBlue flights. I wish they flew more places so I could fly them exclusively!"
Delay Graceful Recovery,"Have been flying JB for years now and for the most part they do get it right, even though the planes are getting old and same old snacks are getting tiresome. But on this occasion during one of those unexpected delays due to the weather, they really got it right! Instead"
Always a pleasure with JetBlue.,"Love taking the direct flight from smaller local airport. Friendly staff, nice ride, comfy room, free movies and free snacks. Never had a problem with Jetblue. Also seen other flyers bringing their smaller dogs on the plane with them. No issues."
Very pleasant experience!,"We spent an elongated Labor Day weekend in NY and flew JetBlue for the first time. As we were traveling with my husband’s service dog, I called in a couple of weeks before to advise them; they were very nice and welcoming about it. Two days before the flight we received an email"
ft. myers boston,"little more leg room, service was average, flight was a little late, plane was full . All in all it was a good flight and price. Will be doing it again."
JB need an upgrade,I have flown JetBlue for years but recently switched to Delta as they have newer planes more cabin space and an amazing terminal at JFK and LGA where I fly out of. On a recent trip I took JetBlue out of JFK for their early departure to Nassau the boarding process is mayhem even
im handicap,"i have limited mobility, hemiplegic. i was blown away they had a snack bar in the middle of the plane."
"Great schedule, a great flight, with attentive crew.","Had a bit of inconvenience with the electronic check in, mostly because we tried to input our documents at the gate, when we had already done so online. We just needed to input our confirmation letters and everything worked fine. A great flight with a convenient schedule. "
"Great flight, arrived early",Direct flight great on time service. Also price was good. Not many airlines offering direct flights.
JetBlue Mint Service,"We had a wonderful flight with fabulous service and comfortable, private seats. The food was fabulous as well. We booked last minute and were surprised that the Mint class of service was just a bit more than the regular seats. This service and seating is so far superior to any"
Not a great set of flights for a solid company,I usually fly Jetblue from EWR to RSW frequently because they are far superior to United or anyone else going down there. This time however was an exception. They were awful at updating us on the impending delays. They even got us on the plane and out of the gate only to have us
Hardly Any Service from Los Angeles to Boston,"Ｍy flight from Los Angeles to Boston is 5 hrs +, but there is no food provided, no snack. Water was provided only almost 5th hour into flight. We asked for a blanket but was told that it is only available by purchase. In one word, there is hardly any service on this flight."
Oh So Fly!!,"This one the best flight I ever took in my life. From the time we reached our flying altitude, the captain took off the seatbelt sign and it never went back on until it was time to land. The skies were smooth and I love flying JetBlue on night flights. the blue lighting put me"
On time in both directions,"The flight was good, the attendants were ""adequate"". The snacks abundant. The TV didn't work on the flight to our destination, but were fine on the return flight."
"Almost perfect, but the seats were oddly uncomfortable","We almost always choose Jetblue for a number of reasons- one being their punctuality. Our round trip to LA proved the point- we took off and landed on time both ways - something a lot of airlines cannot claim. On the plane, the food options one could purchase were quite good and"
Great service for a great price,"The flight was comfortable, the boarding process and take off was on time, and they offered free snacks and drinks which other economy flights do not—including another perk that Spirit doesn’t include—free carry on."
Great airline!,From check in to baggage they were top notch! Love having seats that fit normal people instead of those reduced size seats! Great crews too. This was true for both of our flights. I will gladly fly Jet Blue again.
Turning in my card,"While trying to book a rewards flight to BUF from JFK i brought up my miles and had enough for the trip for two. we hesitated for a couple of minutes, and then the mileage jumped another 1000 points/miles each??? Got an excuse from the chat that basically said that was normal"
Quick Booking,"Online reservation is easy breezy. looking forward to safe flight with my family. We are going to Orlando and thsi is our first time flying JetBlue. Besides being a non-stop flight, i see a lot of good reviews :)"
bad service,"the staff was mean. the flight was delayed for 10 hours,no joke. they lost child. then he ended up in boston. please don't fly jetbule"
NO GOOD EXPERIENCE,"My Husband and I we flew from Santo Domingo to Fort Lauderdale our flight schedule from 327 AM arriving at 530Am, we arrived to the airport @11:45 pm so 3 hours prior for international flight after we made a long line to drop off our luggage the guy in the front desk tell us"
Jetblue or nothing,"I've flown in both Eco. And Buisness, to be honest the only difference is in Buisness you get more attention, and some different things, but my flight is only 3 or 4 hours, who cares about special treatment, just let me sleep, I got leg room and a window seat, flight attendants"
SMOOTH FLIGHT!,"This ride was super smooth, easy takeoff and easy landing. At one point the pilot mentioned we were going to experience turbulence but I never felt it. I'm using nervous when flying but I was at ease since the ride was so smooth. Jetblue has emerged has my favorite airline,"
Dirty,Seats for extremely dirty when we complained the steward gave us some wet naps after we cleaned the seats the towels are black
Why I made a switch to jetBlue,"Although not a frequent flier, usually fly out for leisure. But surprisingly all benefits, upgrades, treatments are always reserved for frequent fliers. Well, doesn't mean that price conscious customers don't deserve attention or treatment. So after United, Delta i finally"
"Smooth ride, excellent experience!","So I'm usually afraid of flying and it's usually a semi-traumatic experience but this flight was so smooth! Our pilot was an expert! The take-off and landing are usually the most intense moments of a flight and I barely felt either, I was bracing myself the whole time for a"
Great service and late getting out of cancun arrived only 15 minutes late on return,Always have flown Jet Blue for 10 years always had good service and the extra room seats are great and the staff has always been excellant
Jacobs Golden Birthday,We always fly JetBlue to NYC. This is a non-stop flight and we usually pay for extra legroom. I highly recommend this airline when flying.
JetBlue comfort,We flew economy plus extra legroom. Was in Group A to board. It was so comfortable and room for everything. It was a great experience.
On Time,The flights were all on time and the services on the plane were fantastic. The flight attendants were pleasant and helpful and the pilots would update us when we in flight!! My new airline!
Business travel PIT to FLL,"I use this flight because it is a non-stop flight. Items I like the most with JetBlue is the seat spacing, The pilot communication, and the stewardesses. This flight uses the AirBus A320, which most of the pilots fly very well, with smooth takeoffs and landings. As I watch the"
Mint is a great experience!,"From the moment you board, the mint experience is amazing! The crew is professional, attentive, friendly, and have always gone beyond expectations. The seat configuration allows you to sleep comfortably compared to other major airlines. They just seem to care more than their"
"Good Flight, Great Flight Attendants","Great flight home after a wonderful Florida vacation! Flight attendants were wonderful, really friendly and attentive. Went the distance to make our flight a comfortable one!! We love JetBlue!!"
Wonderful flight except when attempting to leave Ft. Lauderdale.,Worth the extra paid for leg room and they comped the extra leg room on one portion of the flight back
"Quiet Flight, Helpful Attendants.",The flight was squeezed between showers. It was a quiet flight and the attendants were wonderful. I upgraded for more leg room and sat in row three. I was very pleased with everything. I was able to watch most of the funeral for Sen John McCain but lost signal a couple of
Tye is awesome!,Flight attendant Tye was super professional and courteous. Tye picked up on our cues and responded to them rapidly Flight 295 was awesome! Thanks again.
"Great flight! Friendly in cabin staff and free snacks, drinks and tv!","We enjoyed our flight, the in cabin crew were very nice and took good care of everyone. JetBlue offered free snacks/drinks, which was an added bonus. There were individual Tv's for each seat, so be sure to bring some ear buds - they'll cost you a pretty penny in the air! The"
Cannot make it ontime. Lost much money in connections and reservations,"BEWARE: I HOPE THIS SAVES SOMEONE A MAYOR HEADACHE!!!! THEIR SCHEDULE doesn't mean they will get you there. I booked the 9:09 flight# 1001 from Buffalo to JFK, and the flight leaving buffalo, N.Y. was one and half hours late. According to JetBlue staff and Airport staff this is"
Good flight,JetBlue was pretty good. The planes are large and clean. If I have a complaint it would be the flight attendants are not very professional and not overly friendly. They just go through the motions but I guess when deals big with the public it can be difficult. The flight was
Always a pleasure to fly JetBlue,"They make it all so easy - checking luggage, getting kids on and off the plane - and they are unfailingly NICE. Been flying JB for years and hope they never change."
Not happy with JetBlue,If yo are traveling internationally... be prepared when returning to US. Jet blue apparently has a policy that restricts / separates spouses from each other when returning to the US. I was wheelchair. My husband travels by my side due to a serious medical condition I have. He
My new favorite airline,I really like JetBlue! I have never flown JetBlue before and it was an awesome experience! The leg room is EVERYTHING! I am also a plus size woman and it was the first time in years that I didn't have to use an extender belt on the seat belt. And unlike alot of other airlines
NO CHARGERS????? Get with the times!!!!,JetBlue !!!!! Get with the program. Phone chargers for your Travlers are a MUST!!!!! providing small stations with a few outlets at a major airport such as Orlando ??? ABUSE!!!!!!’ just install some damn outlets for your customers !!!! NO EXCUSES for skimping on the basics.
Fly Jetblue,Flying JetBlue is one of those airlines that are very organize. They have a very friendly staff. We traveled with 3 children and it was smooth flying no issues. Just our favorite airline to travel especially flying to the Caribbean.
Jetblue maintainance,"I love Jetblue. However the last two time I’ve flown Jetblue we’ve had major delays or stopovers due to mechanical problems Both times we received credits of $100 and the folks at Jetblue were very nice. But, always nervous about mechanical problems"
Lost carry-on luggage checked at boarding,While I was boarding on my plane - they announced that they run out of space for carry-ons and needed to check it. I had a connecting flight with a very short window - they told me they will bring it out at the gate. When I came out from the first leg - my luggage wasn't there.
Moon palace grand trip,Jet blue provided excellent service to the Cancun Airport. The Orlando to Cancun at 8am was on time no issues. The return flight was delayed slightly but no problem. Highly recommend jet blue especially from the Orlando Airport.
Excellent service!,Just got off a flight from DC to Ft Myers. I never review airlines but felt compelled to review our flight. The flight attendants were extremely attentive. During beverage service the flight attendant addressed every passenger by their name. I fly quite often and have never
Canceled Flight After Arrival to Airport,I received an email after the fact that my flight was canceled prior to me going to the airport. It appears that JetBlue doesn’t send the emails prior to you getting out to the airport. It didn’t just happen on the departing flight to Ft. Lauderdale it happened also when leaving
Extremely messy checkin/boarding,"The check-in and boarding were a complete mess. First we already had difficulties checking in online. Next we had to come back to the desk another time because of an apparent problem. When we took our seats there was a problem with the seat numbers, so together with 4 other"
Worse Customer Service I've ever experenced,"Our honeymoon started off in Atlanta, GA and at checkin we were told our flight was canceled and we had to come back tomorrow. Since this wasn't an option for us because we chose to get to Ft. Lauderdale and pray that someone nicer would assist us at the gate. The woman that"
Flight is almost always delayed,"I fly 2-3 times a month. It seems like this flight is almost always delayed. It is very disrespectful to customers who get up on time, drive to airport on time, get threw security on time, and then have to wait because of Jet Blues incompetence. They always have an excuse,"
brand new Arirbus A321,"This is our most recent flight to Seattle from Boston non-stop. The plane was newly redesigned with more leg rooms, the seat were much more comfortable than their older 320 model. They still serve free snack & soft drinks. Also their overhead compartment were more spacious than"
First time on Jet Blue,"We fly more than 5 times a yr. and this was the first time on Jet Blue. I thought it was a small airline but quite the contrary, our plane was beautiful and very spacious......we were not in first class but walked thru it and it was truly one of the nicest first class sections I"
Smooth flight,Jetblue is my favorite air line. There a spacious and have comfortable seats. The flight attendants are nice & friendly. The pilots take off and land smoothly. It was a great experience.
Fantastic Airline,"Awesome airline, newer planes, inflight entertainment and beverage/snack service even on short flights. Staff was friendly and curtious. Would definitely fly this airline again!!!!"
Horrible JetBlue service,this is the worst airline I’ve ever flown on. Gave me a haste coming into the airport. My flight was scheduled for 2:26 I arrived at the airport around 12 it is now 6:40 and I am sitting at the gate waiting for my flight that is now delayed for the 5th time to 8:40 pm because of
Useless Yihira of Jetblue Airlines,"This return trip to NY on 9/4/18 was the worst customer service I've ever had with an airline. First, when I got to the Orlando airport, the JetBlue kiosk would not scan my ticket. I was already checked in but I needed tags for my luggage. I saw a representative, Yahira, who was"
Nice and Smooth,"My youngest sister always fly JetBlue. She wanted my older sister to have the best flight possible since this was the first time flying. This was one of the smoothest take off and landing I have ever been on. I normally fly AiroMexico which I love but,. I may need to try"
Disappointed airline,"Had a early flight to JFK this morning. I was excited to fly Jet Blue as several people have recommended it. Upon walking into the plane you hear BLASTING,SCREAMING voice yelling at all the passengers telling us what to do and why. I mean this is a 5:15 am. Once people started"
GREAT FLIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!,"Everything went smoothly, no glitches!! Made for a nice trip!!! Lines went smoothly, were long, but it did not take as long as I thought it would. They did a great job of getting everyone through without a hitch!!!!!"
very accommodating staff,"My 9 year old Son's first flight. The staff made such a fuss over my son because it was his first. he met the captain and the crew kept checking with me in flight to be sure he was happy and comfortable. Plane was clean, with lots of extra leg space and roomy seats. I will"
Very unhappy,To start I would like to say we have traveled all over the world and have flown with many airlines. I will start with the pros. The flight was on time we arrived earlier then expected. Now with the cons! I decided to upgrade to more space more speed. Now I did pay a descent
1st time travelling with JetBlue,"The self-service koisk to print the luggage tag and boarding pass were user-friendly. Boarding the plane was hassle-free. Drinks and snacks were provided during the 1 hour flight. I had chips and cranberry juice. The air steward was enthsiastic, courteous and giave the"
The Blue Crow Experience,"JetBlue - aka the Blue Crow is a consistent and reliable airline. Having the extra space seats is a bonus, however, unlike the other cattle carrier airlines - there is actually space between their regular seats - where one does not feel like a sardine packed in salt in a tin. "
Expensive and also charge for inboard luggage,"Very expensive for the destination , also Jetbue charge for the luggage in both ways of the trip, there no entertamient and has awful food service"
Easy Peasy,"The flight with JetBlue from jfk to Hamilton Bermuda was easy, with a flight time of 1 hour and 45 minutes. JetBlue was very easy when it came to carry on, unlike other airlines JetBlue tends not to needle passengers about their hand carry, as long as it fits under the front"
Always on Time,I've traveled On JetBlue on several occasions. I love that my flights have always been on time. The seats are roomier than other airlines.
Another Great Flight on jetBlue,My family had another great experience on jetBlue airways. All of the crew members were very nice. The in flight entertainment options were as always excellent. I would highly recommend flying on this airline if you have the opportunity!
Great service,"Good old fashioned airline service. Extra legroom seats available, drink and snack service, wifi, and arrived early! Definitely flying JetBlue again!"
Very impressed with my first time flying Jet Blue,"I was very impressed with my first encounter with Jet Blue, plenty of leg room, free Wi-Fi and entertainment on the back of every seat. Check in and boarding went very well also. As a travel consultant I am very happy to have had the experience so that I can give my clients"
Friendly Customer Service but Flight Delays are NO BUENO!!,"First time flying JetBlue and I was very impressed at the friendly customer service, fantastic website, and availability of flights. I was not impressed by the lack of urgency during boarding as by the time the plane was ready to push back, we were delayed over an hour due to"
#jetblue doesn’t reimburse even if they leave you stranded and it wasn’t because of weather,‪Was a fan of @JetBlue until my return flight was cxld due to their plane having mechanical issues (not weather) on 8/12/18 that left me stranded overnight in Boston. Even though they had no availability to put me on another flight and there were no other transportation
Passenger,Got to the airport around noon are flight was set to leave at 4 said it was on time untill it was time to get on come to find out it was delayed. Then we continue to wait and find out from another customer it was canceled. No announcements were made whatsoever. We had to rebook
"Easy check in, nice staff, good flight.",What an easy flight we had. The staff aboard the craft were professional and helpful. The plane was clean and easily accommodating. I love the WiFi and free to and music streaming. Would definitely fly JetBlue again.
Excellent Economy service,"This was my fourth trip using jet blue. This is by far the best economy airline service I have used . All flights have been on time . Professional, friendly and efficient flight staff. The most spacious legroom with comfortable seats ever. The inflight flyfi internet service is"
Love Blue,"I only fly Jet Blue unless I'm going somewhere they dont go. The check in process is quick and the baggage claim is easy and fast. They have always been on time or early, I've only been delayed or canceled due to weather as was every other airline. Love the ability to watch"
JetBlue: The Only Way to Fly,Not much to say really except I only fly JetBlue. They offer the most non-stop flights to where I fly which is crucial when you have a 3 year old! Plus the fact that they have DirecTV. I can't sleep on flights so having that for entertainment is nice. I wish they still had
Best business/first seats for domestic travel,"We flew JB 197, the evening non-stop from BOS to SEA. I have flown business class on international routes on a wide range of carriers. The seats on this Jet Blue flight are better than almost all of those carriers. Fully lie flat and long enough for a 6’ tall individual, plus"
Just trying to get home,"This is our first time flying with JetBlue and I have to say, so far we are very disappointed. As we have sat here at our gate we have seen 2 other flights be delayed several hours due to ""maintenance"". Now our flight has been delayed twice due to ""maintenance""! We're on"
Good & Bad,"Boarding on this full flight was smooth and the cabin crew was pleasant. However, none of the TV’s on the plane worked which was very disappointing. On the return flight there was a delay taking off but they made up the time on the way. We booked the even more speed and even"
Mint Planes Now Running Direct BGI to BOS,"This was the first time we had one of the Mint planes running this route - direct from BGI to BOS and what a pleasant surprise! I've had it on domestic flights and love the marketplace, the outlets and the ease of use on the TVs. Great flight experience."
Puerto Plata flight,It was great and quick flight. The service and efficient were awesome and everything was exactly perfect. But coming back we only got a 30min delay which is normal.
Mixed bag,This flight was delayed out of Logan (in part due to weather and in part due to the airline). Seems like that is a consistent issue with JetBlue out of Logan. The Mint experience (their Biz class) was top notch — both the seats (low flat beds) and service. But the ongoing
Are they going downhill?,"Always had a high opinion of JetBlue but something has gone wrong. 2/2 recent flights delayed by more 1 hour and flight attendants on both trips cold and rude. What happened? Not sure will get my business. Legroom was fine but did purchase "" even more space"" seat. Entertainment"
My Favorite Airline,"Easy flight, great crew- we had a nice flight - both ways- roundtrip within 24 hours. I switched seats to let a Mom sit with her child. Later in the flight, the attendant came and thanked me for doing that. Offered me a complimentary drink. I declined- but was very touched."
Return,Flight to Boston . Checkin done 24 hours on line in fact they had sent a email reminder and it was quick.prompt service no delays take off and landing was smooth.Leg space adequate.
Family Trip,Proud tru blue member. Love jet blue. Seats are comfortable. Unlimited snacks are great and good variety. Plenty of space in the aisle and seat area. Stewardess were professand plane left on time.
Quick,"For a 2 hour flight, Jetblue served snacked and drinks which was a pleasant surprise. They were not picky about how many bags you have on the flight, because I saw some poeple having 3 personal items."
Nightmare,"My friends and I were subjected to delayed flights, misleading information, canceled and missed flights all in one ""dream"" vacation. Even when they were trying to fix things it took hours of arguing and we still are not satisfied. Not one of four flights took off on time. Not"
Wonderful Flight,Our flight was wonderful. We boarded the 5:00 am flight. Needless to say we were 1/2 a sleep so it was refreshing to fly on airline where it's easy to navigate. The lines are well managed for check-in to ensure the line keeps flowing. Once at our gate announcements and
Jetblue is first choice,"Jetblue is my first choice for airline flights. I love the comfortable seats , the extra room and tge multiable entertainment choices.."
Broken equipment,This is our second trip we have taken using JetBlue. Both times the TV’s have been broken and it seems to be getting worse. We were in a row of 3 and 2 of the sets did not work. One had a earplug broken off in the earplug socket.
Birthday trip,"I tried to book the earliest flight to Punta cana and so it’ll be 6AM flight, we did stop in Puerto Rico for about an hour and make it to Punta Cana at 11 am, the crew so pleasant, so nice, the aircraft so clean and relaxing. They do offer to pre gate check your carry ons"
Great Service,I flew on the 1:00 flight to jamaica and was very please. Had 3 very loud women in the seats to tue front and left of me. They were upset about overhead space and I though they would make a bigger than necessary scene. I must commend the air crew for their professionalism and
One of the worst,"JetBlue cannot make an on-time flight if it’s life depended on it. Usually the NOLA to Boston flight is the one I take and it is never on time (8-for-8 streak I’m on with them), but my latest trip to NYC was the same - 2.5-hour delay in NOLA to depart, finally get airborne, then"
"Unavoidable weather delay, but it could have been worse","Reviewing a flight isn't easy. On this trip, we had a 7-hour delay due to weather. Jetblue handled it pretty well. They kept us informed of what was happening and why. The only thing that could have been handled better was when we were forced to deplane there was a lot of"
Family vacation to Florida,The flight going there was very smooth and pleasant but coming back home we had a couple of hick up and delays but when the plane took off it was a very smooth ride
Tons of leg room,I haven't flown JetBlue in a while due to them not having flights to where I typically go but on my recent family trip to Disney World from DCA to MCO we flew JetBlue. I have to say JetBlue has some of the best legroom out there. Even on the smaller plane we rode (2 seats each
JetBlue Mint is worth the additional price on trips between the East and West coast of the US,"I fly a lot and many of my trips have been back and forth between the East and West coast. The ""first class"" seats in most airlines are not worth the extra price tag. They are simply the older, wider seats with a foot rest, uninspired food and drink and nothing special. For"
"Long Beach, Ca visit","check in was smooth, waited for about 10 minutes. flight was on time. in flight service was decent. all in all, was a good flight"
Flights are always delayed,We have connecting flights going to and from but all of these flights never left on time. All departure times were delayed.
"Leg room -perfect, flight delay","I always love to fly JetBlue due to wider leg room, gives me enough space to move my legs for long flights & used to be prompt with flight schedule, however, this recent flight got delayed for 2 hours, @ least we're given free water & chips while waiting but coming back was"
"One of the best, if not the best","most leg room in coach, plenty of TV/movies/music etc. on your personal TV. they have taken away some of the perks (free bags) unless you pay more but it's still the best airline in my book! The only drawback is the controls for the TV are on the armrest in the exact place you"
Mint - almost great,"My second experience on JetBlue, and my first on mint. I was really pleased with my seat - I had one of the single ones - which was a genuine suite in the style of say Virgin Atlantic. Big screen, flat bed, plenty of storage, free WiFi. All good. The food however was not quite"
Decent for Short Flights,Very similar to Spirit Air with regards to amenities and prices. You don't get much but the prices are decent. The flight staff though is much better than Spirit and thus JetBlue is a preferred airline when flying domestic. The last time I flew with them they did lose my luggage
Our favorite airline,"This is the best airline - the staff is so friendly - I wish I had his name - From our faces he could tell we were confused - a new terminal, new to precheck, and he was amazing - My son still raves about how nice the guy from Jet Blue was at LGA. Also several years ago leaving"
San Francisco to NY,"Staff was friendly and boarding went smoothly. Flight was delayed 1 hour by Traffic Control due to agglomeration of air traffic over the Northeast. Then as we were heading for the take off the pilot in the plane behind us reported one of our Airbus 321 panels was hanging open,"
JFK to Oakland and return from San Franciso,"The upgraded terminal 5 @JFK looks nice, airy and clean, but you need to be aware that from the AirTrain to the terminal you must give yourself 20 minutes or to find your way to security, The flight departed with about 90 minutes delay. Personnel was friendly and approachable"
Great Flight,"This is our second time flying Jetblue. So far, it has been good. They provide free drinks and snacks."
Support animals must go,On the flight out the plane had to wait 40 mins. on a queue (6:30 dep.)The flight was full of small tots & 1 small dog. The kids were fine but the dog barked for the entire trip.He disrupted the peace of the entire trip. It caused the kids to cry. The only animals permitted on a
Handling Flight Delays,"My wife and I both come from other airlines where we have loyalty points still holding us back, but due to available routes and cost we have started flying on JetBlue recently. . Most recently we took a trip t New York City for a funeral. The flight out was uneventful which is"
Good service at a reasonable price,"We took the red-eye from San Francisco to Boston. Never a fun option. You know you are going to have difficulty sleeping, etc. JetBlue made an unappealing prospect as hassle-free as possible and at a reasonable price. The gate agents were pleasant and the crew on board were"
Austin to Long Beach and back,"Flying out of Austin nonstop to Long Beach, CA and back is the easiest way to get to Southern California. My flight was on time, comfortable (I paid fee for extra room and group A definitely worth it). It wasn’t packed either so I had open middle seat."
Customer service,Worst service which costed us about 2000 dollars. Verbal aggression from agent. The agent name I think Hatti checked baggage to transit rather than destination. We paid double. I will never encourage anyone to flying with this airline.
First time with jet blue,"I’ve flown most other commercial airlines more times than I can recall. So I didn’t know what to expect from Jet Blue. Must say I look forward to flying with them again. They offer direct tv, WiFi, and XM Radio on their flights, FOR FREE. Free snack and non-alcoholic beverages."
Efficient Airline with Decent Amenities,"This was a pleaset flight compared to other carriers. Seat room is decent, snacks are provided and the flight attendants friendly. Making 30+ Flights annually I’m critical of airlines. JetBlue tries to provide reasonable accommodations at reasonable fares. Given that code"
Barbados to Boston,"Considering the fact that ALL flights these days are packs to the seams, this was a very good flight. To be honest, I haven’t yet had a negative experience with JetBlue. I really like the extra leg room (so nice compared to other airlines), the tv’s with something to watch or"
nice 2 1/2 hour flight,comfortable airplanes modern conveniences good amount destinations fair pricing good schedules I've been lucky with good on time performance
Great flight,Awesome direct flight to Costa Rica. Arrived in under 3 hours. Everything was right on time and the support staff were great.
Great flight to New Orleans,Went August 25th to New Orleans at the 10 am flight . Smooth flying all the way through with friendly service .I used points for my flight so cant complain .For short haul flights the regular cafe menu does not apply but you get snacks and no alcoholic drinks for free.
Always a great experience,The crew is always so friendly and helpful. Clean and comfortable for a 5+ hour flight. Couldn't ask for a better trip.
JetBlue is the best airlines,I have flown with JetBlue multiple times and they never disappoint. They had a delay from Fort Lauderdale to Puerto Rico and they informed us that we would miss our connecting flight in PR. So they put us up in the Crown Plaza Hotel in Ft. Lauderdale. It was a beautiful hotel
Great!,"JetBlue are great. Seats are comfortable and it is great to be able to watch TV on a short flight too. No frills, no fuss but we got to our destination on time in pretty okay comfort. Staff in Nassau were great and checking in for our return was pleasant enough - JetBlue"
Leaving Aruba,I tell you the airlines are taking advantage of their customers. You are left at their mercy arriving at your destination. At airport you get delay... delay... delay! They do not add extra perks for you sitting at the airport because they have a problem of lack of personnel! Its
It was ok.,it was good. the only problem was getting off the flight the strollers were not ready waiting and there were alot of children on the flight. it was after midnight and the employees did not seem in any rush to assist us until one of the parents got really upset.
Very nice fight,Great leg room & very nice staff & service. I hope to fly with them again! The food for purchase was very good & fresh as well as a good portion for two people. They had a good supply of snacks to go around as well.
JetBlue Review,"I have never flown with JetBlue before but I loved the pricing, so I decided to go for it. I purposely picked later flights in the afternoon so my husband and I didn't have to get up so early. I was not very happy when I got an email saying that my flight itinerary had changed."
Return ticket,"Online checkin was available 24 hours prior to flight so one can get a mobile boarding pass and therefore avoid the line.Boarding was prompt in time .The staff is freindly served drinks and snacks for a 2 hour flight.Seats could be more cushiony ,legspace was adequate."
The best to the west,"Clean, comfortable aircraft. Very friendly crew. Blue potato chips. OnTime departure and arrival (arrived a bit early!). Couldn't ask for a better experience."
always an amazing experience,"although jetblue's a321s are a bit less uncomfortable because the cushions are thinner and the entertainment is not the best with the remote being where a person would lay their arm, making the screen change and etc. in my opinion, the older a320s are better . however, through"
Unfortunately the last flight was a horror. We were on one of their smaller planes and I already had a bad experience wi,"I have neuropathy and metal in my back, TSA decided to do a thorough body exam on me and it was so involved and un-necessary they other passengers started to voice their disgust at how I was handled. When we boarded the plane we noticed our TV's weren't working and to make"
Our favorite airline!,"Flew Jet Blue out of NY to Nassau in the Bahamas. We checked in and went thru TSA quickly. Flight departed onetime and we arrived safely in 2 1/2 hours. Getting our luggage was quick and easy. Our return flight was also onetime and arrived 30 minutes ahead of schedule! "
Good flights once they actually depart,Our flight was 5 hours late leaving Logan. Better than the 8 hours late the last time I flew JB. Flights are fine once you get in the air.
Consistently great,"JetBlue gate agents, flight crews and pilots consistently perform at the highest level. It is true that you pay a little more but it is worth it."
Good as usual,Always fly JB when possible . A little bit more room and direct flights . No cattle call lines like SWAo
Family vacation,JetBlue delayed flight due to weather in NY and Santo Domingo. The pilot came to the gate and he himself explained the delay and assured we were in good hands. Will definitely fly with JetBlue
The Twilight Zone,We always fly JetBlue and we do so because we have always had great service. On August 18th we flew on Flight 516 to JFK and it was as if we were on a different Airline. The attendants serving the back of the plane seemed to disappear. The male attendant just did not engage at
Delayed Flight from Orlando to Washington/Regan,"I take this flight pretty often. Generally, I like Jetblue a lot. I like the option of watching Satellite TV, the snacks are good, the seats comfortable. When I arrived at the gate, I found that the flight had just been delayed by two hours. Normally, I get an email or"
always a good value,"I've never had a problem with Jetblue. However, my flights were delayed on both ends for the first time and the crew members on this flight were passively rude. Overall it's still a good airline, cant let one experience speak for many others."
Love Jet Blue for Florida Travel,I always travel to Florida on Jet Blue. They always have flight times that work with my schedule. They have free movies on a little screen in front of your seat. They also have a pretty good selection of TV shows. Beverages are served right away and the free snacks are not
not the best experience,while weather is beyond anyones control the airline should have more responsibility in keeping to a realistic schedule during winter flights.. 4 and 5 hour delays are unacceptable.. the Newark liberty terminal was dirty and over crowded due to delayed flights and little
Great flight.,We had another great experience with JetBlue. Our flights were on time and the flight attendants were pleasant. I think I’ll be flying JetBlue more often.
Great flight,"I flew with JetBlue with my boyfriend to visit puerto Rico. The flight was comfortable, the flight attendants were very pleasant. And the pliot made sure nobody was worried during the flight and kept all passengers updated on weather and time we will arrive."
Delivers just what it promises,Excellent low cost airline. Very pleasant crew. Have flown with them several times and would highly recommend. The complimentary snacks are a nice touch.
1st time flying alone,"My 1st time flying alone and I was not scared. Smooth flight, smooth take off and landing. I picked a window seat in the back thinking I would have the other seats to myself but there was the sweetest older gentleman that sat next to me. Bless his heart because he never got mad"
Flight from Newyork to Jacsonville,"We were a family of Six, including senior Citizens and Handicapped. We initially had tough time in getting the wheel chair for the handicapped. There's a long procedure,,, One has to wait in a seperate waiting room to get yourself registered as a requesting person and wait for"
Mint service from JFK - Seattle,This was our first time with JetBlue's Mint service (first class) and was really excited to try it. The Mint section is configured in such a way that there are single seats in some rows and side-by-side seats in other rows. The single seats have their own suite with a door and
Good flight service,"It is convenient to fly out of Westchester County Airport - White Plains, NY. And take JetBlue to West Palm Beach Fl. On a recent flight we had a delay due to plane maintenance. We were delayed about an hour and half. The pilot was able to make up some of the delay time and we"
Pleasant experience,Thought we were treated with respect flight was on time.Didn't have to wait for are baggage.Probably would fly JetBlue again if they fly to where I want to go to
Traveling to Aruba,"Awesome travel......flight attendants are great flight very good.....never disappointed, flights arrive early....more time for for vacation......."
Vacation,Loved the service access customer service Easy booking. Easy payment. Love the customer service. USER FRIENDLY SITE
I’d recommend JetBlue,So far I’ve had very goodluck with JetBlue. Would recommend to others flying- plus they have good snacks!
Very happy. Frequent flyer,Haven't flown in years. Since 911. Then about 5yrs ago. Started heading to Fla for vacations. Jet blue was never around back in the 90's. So I've flown south west before. I knew what to expect there. Jet blue is more money but its worth it. Decent room on there extra
"Smooth, Direct Flight",I only try to fly with Jetblue because they offer so many non-stop flights to locations I will be going. It makes travel so smooth & easy & quick. I've always had great service on-board. I don't even bother getting a seat with more legroom as I've found there is plenty of
Best Airlines,"Comfortable flight, nice leg room, free movie/tv. It is the best airlines. We ended up getting a JB CC to add up for miles"
"Fly JetBlue from LaGuardia, LGA, while at Marine Terminal during construction!","true, LaGuardia is under construction BUT JetBlue is flying from the small and very convenient Marine Terminal and I recommend taking advantage of this! the experience is more like a smaller, regional airport; I was dropped off and walked into the beautiful old mural covered"
Jet Blue to FL,"Quick weekend getaway to visit family. Traffic to JFK was a mess, but once there the terminal is great, and the service OK."
Great with kids!,"We traveled out to Boston from Minneapolis and back and nothing but positive things to say about this airline. On-time flights, snacks and friendly staff - we even got upgraded to the business class section because the plane wasn't full on the way out which let us spread out a"
Best airline ever!,"I cannot say enough good things about this airline! They are very efficient, they are affordable and get more bang for your buck with them."
Always an issue,"When flying JetBlue to the west coast I never had any issues. Since I have started flying for business on the east coast I tend to always have issues. Constant delays, misleading information, rushed boarding without paging, rude customer service at gate"
Cross country trip to San Diego from Boston,"Very comfortable trip, on time and excellent service. Now our regular airline with many non-stop flights from Boston"
Great Flight,"We had a great flight, personnel were very courteous, and the plane was very clean. The only issue we had had the fact that we were unaware of the new baggage check. There wasn't a baggage check in service desk - you check in at a kiosk, print your own baggage tags, and then"
USA flight,I really recommend JetBlue Airline. From New York to San Jose we took JetBlue. It is very spacious. Seats are very comfortable. Soft drinks and chips were served. Crew were very soft spoken. Aircraft and wash rooms were neat and clean.
Reliable but needs more attention to passenger comfort,"We fly JetBlue often and most of the time, the aircraft is in good condition. However, on a recent flight my seat would not recline. I brought it to the flight attendants attention and he said oh it must be broken. Obviously correct. I suggested that he tell someone to fix it."
Best airline ever,"As alway, Jetblue goes above & beyond. This flight in particular was difficult for us. My husband recently had major back surgery & dealing with bags was impossible, and more than I could manage alone. Jetblue met us with a wheelchair, the representative got our bags checked,"
"Surprisingly great, but note which DC airport","I got a super cheap flight and thought that meant budget service, but all staff were cheerful, check in was extremely easy, and best-of-all the seats were more roomy and comfortable than my previous expensive international flight. But I was ignorant of the 2 airports at"
"Great Crew, Comfortable Extra Room Seats ( Worth it!) My Favorite Airline!","We try to only fly on Jetblue! We use our Jetblue Mastercard religiously and find that all our flying experiences are delightful! We had the unique experience of flying round trip with the same Steward, Chris, who recognized us by name on our return trip to New York. Chris went"
Superb,Excellent flight and services. Spot on timing. Spacious and comfortable. Also flew on JetBlue from ny to Buffalo and back to Raleigh via Boston
Crush luggage - Gifts and personal items destroyed,"Okay, I guess I had underestimated #JetBlue and their baggage handling. You'll think that you just paid $25 to checked you luggage in that they'll be a bit gentle with it. Nope, everything from gifts (tin box) crushed to even my hairspray can crush (I was wondering why my"
Nightmare!,"Traveling due to family sickness, layover in Atlanta for 3 hours due to weather conditions in Fort Lauderdale, which is.out of control and is understandable. The problem was , it was supposed to be a connected flight to Puerto Rico, I ( as all other people traveling with this"
Flying JetBlue paid for more leg room,JetBlue is a great airline I have traveled 4 times this month and all flights were on time and my extra leg room seats were a little pricey but worth my comfort. They serve a beverage and a bag of chips but also offer light snacks such as cheese crackers etc at a good price.
Not Bad,The flight was smooth and the pre-check in made everything great. The entertainment system did not work and they issued me a partial refund.
Very good,"it just works. Free wifi with very good speed. Plenty snacks on board. Pleasant flight crew and if you miss your flight, they are happy to put you on the very next one with no extra charges. Jetblue is really good."
Aruba Direct with Jet Bllue,"We always try to fly Jet Blue, this is our fourth trip to Aruba and we have never had any issues with our flights. Not thrilled taht we have to pay to check a bag, who can go away with only a carry on"
Poor,"Having travelled on this airline frequently, I was totally disappointed with the experience recently. Notwithstanding that I have Global Entry and a KTN (known traveler number) I was subject to 2 secondary searches, have my one piece of luggage checked at the gate ( it fit"
90 seconds,"Was checked in and awaiting our flight to Las Vegas we were chatting amongst ourselves, there were inaudible announcements so we moved down to the gate where there was no staff, we asked what was happening only to be told the gate closed 90 seconds ago. After paying premium for"
jet blue/ true blue,Flight was alittle delayed but without even asking they give you some money towards the next flight. LOve that.
"Nice way to travel-fair prices, friendly and efficient.","We had excellent flights going to and from JFK on Jet Blue. Free snacks, good, but limited selection food and great, pleasant service set this airline apart from other low-cost carriers."
Timely travel experience,"Great nonstop flight,spacious seating, free refreshments and time efficiency. We left on time and arrived 15 minutes early."
Lots of Leg Room for shorty,"A large group of our family members traveled to and from our vacation on JetBlue. The 4 teens in our group enjoyed the onboard TV screens but unfortunately some TV's were not working for the rest of us. While I am short - I had plenty of leg room and very much enjoyed it! "
No issues at all,"I've flown this route many times with JetBlue and have never had any issues. It's always an easy flight, friendly air hostesses, lots of legroom, unlimited snacks and drinks."
Worst Jet Blue flight I’ve ever taken...,Let me preface this by saying Jet Blue used to be one of my preferred ways to travel. I’ve been a true blue member for over 15 years... The level of service has apparently gone right down the drain... We boarded the flight after a confusing shuffle at the gate and got on a plane
Late night/early morning delays,"A 3AM flight is usually dicey. People are tired/sleepy and just want to get home (or wherever they're headed). So it was disappointing to throw a one hour delay on top of that. No explanations, no sympathy. either from the ground crew or the flight crew. Will avoid this type of"
Enjoyable!,"Whenever we can, when we're flying Jetblue, we try to get ""Bigger seats"", it really makes a difference in confort, I am 6'03 so the extra room is essential for me. Plus you get priority access to TSA security and priority boarding. The flight was uneventful, the staff was nice"
"Excellent flight staff and smooth, comfortable landing","I had an excellent experience flying on JetBlue. The crew was friendly and attentive. Even though the flight was fully booked, they did an excellent job helping to sort everyone's luggage and getting everyone on and off the plane in an orderly fashion. During the flight I was"
Outstanding is jetBlue in my review!,"I couldn't have been happier with the outstanding service and customer care at jetBlue provides. In Ft. Lauderdale, the computerized ticketing saves time and anxiety, the pleasant and helpful staff at the baggage counters upon arrival were so expeditious and upon arrival at the"
Flight from Orlando to Newark,"It was a pleasant experience to fly. Good services, on time, good cooperation of crew as well as ground staff"
Fantastic Flight Experience,"This was my first time flying out of Westchester and it won't be the last. Everything is convenient there; parking (low cost-$12/day), shuttle to the airport (8 min), and no lines in the terminal. That is the advantage of flying out of a small airport. My previous flights were"
Very POOR customer service,Had a critical appointment in Washington DC on 14 August but flight on 13th was delayed by about four hours (first time) and then delayed again. Agent not sure if flight would go or not. Only flight that would get me to my appointment on time was an American flight the next
Outstandng service on a delayed flight from Seattle to Boston 21st Augst 2018,The flight from Seattle was delayed by about 2.5 hours due to the smoke etc which made our connection to Bermuda extrememly tight. The crew went beyond the call of duty and asked the pax if they would remain seated so they could deplane us first and took our handbaggage to the
No issues,I don’t require much in terms of attention. Flight was on time. Crew and staff were pleasant. Temperature was comfortable. I slept most of the way due to the 6am departure.
Flight crew was great at all times making sure everything was ok even in the rough weather,Only use jetblue never had a complaint with this company only airline my family ever uses. The flights are usually always on time very efficient
Family Vacation,"Jet Blue Vacation Package: I booked 3 rooms at the Hilton Rose Hall in Montego Bay. All of the rooms were ocean front with 2 queen beds. I specifically made a point that we needed 2 queen beds not a king bed to accommodate our family sleeping arrangements. However, upon arrival"
Racist,They are racist. Me and my fiancé had a flight from LA we tried to check in online but something went wrong with their site and they didn’t let us sit together so when we came to the airport we asked them to change the sits. They told us that we can sit at the emergency seats
Good flight,"Jet Blue does a fine job. Check-in, boarding were easy. Flight crew was professional and attentive. Seating was fine. A little more leg room would have helped."
Flying with toddler,We love JetBlue as it seems when you fly to Orlando the flight attendants and the families you go on board with band together. I have never had a problem with the Westchester to Orlando flight. Is the Newbhrgh/Stewart to Orlando that’s a different story. The flight attendants
Excellent!,"Excellent, I like the extra space between seats and also the seats are more comfortable than other airlines. They let you bring a carry-on and a personal small bag for free. You also have a selection of seats free of charge. Oh, and they also offer you a beverage (soda or juice)"
First Time on JetBlue,"We flew to Boston for my nephews wedding. This was our first time flying JetBlue, we always fly Delta. My sister recommended JetBlue so we thought we would give them a try. We were pleasantly surprised. The flight was great!. There is more leg room, and just way nicer than"
Good service,Good economy service. On-board entertainment could improve much. Checked bag handling was good. Bags delivered promptly.
Good service and on-time,On-time is a must and they achieved it. Good boarding process. Could highly improve their old entertainment system. Too small displays.
FREE WIFI and MOVIES,"JetBlue is a great airline. They now have free wifi and lots of movies and shows to choose from to make your cross-country flight fly by quickly. Some flights also have ""plug-ins"" so you can recharge your phone/Ipad, etc. They also have free drinks and snacks at the front of"
Great as Usual,"Flew their Mint class seats for the first time. Now, I love Jet Blue to begin with, but their Mint class is outstanding! Great seats, the meal was awesome, very accommodating flight attendants, though that is nothing out of the ordinary for them. This completely made a long"
Typical good jetblue experience,"Per usual my jetblue experience was good. We had more space than on normal flights, each seat had a tv, and the service was good. Given I spent a fair amount of time sleeping, but overall our experience was a good one. Much better than other airlines like American or Delta."
First Class on Jetblue,"The first class experience was fabulous. The food, TV selections great especially when a NFL game is on. Knowing your seats is also great every other row has only one seat and much more privacy and space and even a door which goes half way up but it basically says leave me alone"
Great flight!!,"My trip was 2 hours late from Seattle, to NY, which was my stopover, the airline staff kept an eye on people and informed. When NY arrived, there was no problem, and the next flight left on time. The food on offer during flight, is only snacks and water or soda, but you can eat"
Love it just wish there were more destinations,Love that I don’t feel crowded even though their flights are always full. Nitpicking when I wish they had better gates in PBI.
Not enough equipment and blame weather!,This was an EARLY morning flight scheduled to take off at 2:45 am and land JFK about 6:30 am. Got to the airport at 12:30. Turned in rental and was now informed that the flight would NOT take off until 5:00 am. Why Weather problems in NY! As I stand in line to get some
Love jetBlue!,I traveled to San Juan Puerto Rico from JFK and back in August 2018. JetBlue staff is always very friendly and courteous whenever I fly them. Both of my flights were on time and eventless. JFK and San Juan both had terminals that were clean and possessed various places to eat
Great flight,"No wifi since the flight was international but otherwise flight was good, good drinks(I got for $3 with JetBlue card) a major plus, my flight was delayed on the way home but I always have a good experience with jet blue, good customer service, great legroom and live tv u can't"
Great flight and snack options,The staff was friendly and boarding went fine. This was my first time flying Jetblue after hearing great things about them. Our aircraft was and A320 and was 18.5 years old. You could see the age in the seats and the old inflight entertainment but the snacks made up for the age
Handled.cancellation,"Friday night flight cancelled, gave me 5 hours notice, and immediately booked me on the next day flight. Despite the inconvenience, the airline handled it well ."
Great flight,We love flying JetBlue - everyone is always friendly and helpful. It’s hard flying other airlines after being spoiled by JetBlue!
Mr,"I fly from Buffalo to Ft Lauderdale about every two weeks. Most of the time the JetBlue flight is delayed from 1-2 hours. They always have an excuse. There really is no excuse, talking to the gate agent, it is poor management. They dont have flight crews when they need them."
Better than most,"I fly Jetblue a few times a year. The seats are comfortable and more roomy than other airlines. They usually have good movies to watch while flying. I got their frequent flyer card. The only thing that bothers me is if you are a frequent flier, then you should have free luggage"
"Good flight, good price, good service","Can only say that we had a really good flight. Stop over in Fort Lauderdale. Flights were on time, service was good and luggage arrived both ways with us. Nothing than positive experience with JetBlue. And the space is seriously good. Thank you"
Great airline,"Everything about this aireline was great,movies and lots more. Tea,coffee and snacksand good leg room"
Jet blue 324,Anybody that flies JetBlue and mint service that expects to get any kind of decent service upon arrival is wrong I have never had worst experiences than flying JetBlue mintat the baggage area is nobody there to coordinate anything nobody there to give you any information baggage
"Trip to Jamaica June 4, 2018.","My trip this time was on 4th June this year 2018 to Kingston,Jamaica.My arriving city was Norman Manley,Kingston Jamaica. My flight was early morning, leaving from JFK at 6:00 a.m. arriving at 10:05 am. The flight was full but most of all very comfortable. My seat was Row 7,"
"Get the ""More Space"" advantage","We took a trip to San Francisco recently, and took Jet Blue all the way. We upgraded to the ""More Space"" seats, and it was well worth it for three reasons: 1. Of course more leg space in the cabin 2. The ability to board early, this one is key. The way people try to jam the"
Easy,JetBlue is a good airline with a good staff. The flights have decent movies and TV shows. You can bring your own snacks and drinks and/or enjoy the offering of light snacks. They're very accommodating to the Moberly challenged.
Our favorite,We always try to fly Jetblue airlines. The comfort level is unsurpassed. It's also quite economical. We fly 3+ times per year and book Jetblue most of the time!
"delay, delay, delay","I did receive the delay on my cell phone, b.c. when I checked in, I put it on my phone for status updates. Little did I know that it was more delays at the airport--it was approx. 2 plus hours, due to the plane was NOT there from the other destination. Jetblue did not offered"
"Great Flight, But the Best Landing","As usual the jetBlue flight was fine. But the baggage claim experience was ""incredible."" The bags came out quickly (which is not the case at Logan Boston), and a jetBlue agent named Linda started to take my bags off the carousel as a special service because the bags had the"
Flight,On JetBlue flight it's nice to have extra legroom. We always try to fly them first. Also the staff is always friendly.
Best Airlines,"I always love to fly with Jetblue, it feels like they give you a little more leg room in the regular seats and you get free WiFi along with a LCD screen that has cable and movies on there. The staff was great at the terminal and also on the plane."
Still my preferred airline,"Service and plane cleanliness seem to be deteriorating and I’m not sure why. Flights seem to be delayed for internal reasons, video screens work sporadically, if at all, seats are dirty, and the flight attendants don’t offer any apologies which is atypical for JetBlue."
Worst company,"I flew from Ft Lauderdale to JFK on August 2, 2018 was supposed to take off at 9:38am we left at 1:30pm and had to wait another 45min on the plane! We wasted a whole day for 2.5 hours trip..On the way back same scenario another 4 hours delay ...I will never use this company"
Trip to Orlando,"Parking, check-in and security through Providence is so fast and easy. Love JetBlue service, price and ease of booking. Weather affected the landing in Orlando and we we're diverted to Tampa for a short time. Pilot and crew communicated everything clearly and the flight went"
Jetblue has become one of the worst airline,Sitting at the terminal after over an hour delay. Jetblue has become one of the worst airlines to fly. My last 3 trip jetblue has been delay. This one because most likely negligence or lack to attention to detail. Who would schedule a schedule maintenance on a plane schedule
WILL NEVER FLY THIS AIRLINE AGAIN!!!,"To say that my experience with JetBlue was horrible would be an understatement. My flight to Orlando was scheduled to take off at 9:08pm Friday night. After sitting in the airport for over and hour with no information, we found out our flight would be delayed until 1:15am. This"
BUF-FLL return,We like flying out of Buffalo for the convenience as it is not too far from home and a smaller airport very easy to navigate and Fort Lauderdale has become my favorite airport. We chose regular fare for the trip down and upgraded to even more space for the return flight. Both
On our way to Europe from Boston,"I had not used JetBlue prior to this vacation. I was surprised at the comfort and the significant amount of space allotted for legs!!! Staff was not only friendly they actually seemed to enjoy their jobs! Oh, your bags are included in the price of your tickets! I will be flying"
Hidden Costs......,"Usually, I book through Southwest Airlines. I decided to try Jet Blue. My ticket was a little cheaper than Southwest. Traveling with a group of six adults. upon checking in with 1 average size luggage bag per person. I paid an additional $25 a person total of $150. I should have"
A good airline with roomy seats,"We love JetBlue, for their great service and more comfortable leg room and seating accommodations. Our flight from Orlando to Providence/Boston area departed on time and arrived early. The flight was smooth and quiet. The mid-afternoon departure still got us into the Boston area"
Delays and diversions,"1st flight out in the am. Got notice of 1 hr delay, at airport they added another delay and changed the gate. We boarded the plane, headed out to the runway and sat there. Pilot said they were rerouting us and we needed more fuel so we went back to the terminal. 20 min later"
Not bad - but I learned from the experience,My flight got weather delayed. As a result I missed the connection in Ft. Lauderdale. The weather is not the airline's fault. Our plane was 57th in a que. We waited for 3 hours on the tarmack. Unreal!! In call fairness I have to say that Jetblue has wider seats and they are
We made it there and back safely,"Every JetBlue trip is usually pretty good. The service provided and the attitude of the staff are better than most other airlines. This trip was good. We took off, we landed, lather, rinse, repeat. No satellite on the return flight meant I actually had to read and daydream to"
"Fast, friendly, and very courteous","Really nice trip, they were super efficient, on time, gave free wifi, and because the flight was packed, they gave me courtesy bag-check. Everyone at the gate were polite and helpful, as were the flight attendants."
"Easy to check in, comfortable flights!","The staff at the airport helped us check in at the kiosk. Super easy and fast. TSA was smooth and did not take long at all. Boarding was very efficient. We had extra leg seating which is worth the money, even on a short flight. The service on the planes by the flight crew"
Stewardess with Bad Agresisuve Rude Attitufe,From the get go of boarding jet blue stewardess was agitated aggressive rude and condescending Date 8/17/18 Flight 205 Captain was fair even tempered Stewardess was named Sandy
So Different,"Let's put it this way: if I have a choice, I will never fly another airline! I am a larger than average person and I was very comfortable in their nice, wide seat. There was also plenty of leg room for me. If you're really tall, they do offer seats with extended space. A"
JetBlue and United getting worse.,"2 1/2 hour delay on flight down, no pilot. Flight home out of ft Myers cancelled for no justifiable reason. (Part of the problem is air traffic control in Newark, but other flight were getting out). Spent $200 for 2 hour car service ride to ft lauderdale to catch the JetBlue"
Flights from Boston to Phoenix then from LV to Oakland,"Great service! Long Beach seemed to have a lot of delays for us and other flights. Nice planes, comfortable seats but the arm rest controls are situated that your arm changes channels when you don't want them to change. Snacks are varied and great as well as the Flight"
Convenient for the pocket........:),"When returning home from fort Lauderdale airport , I realised I was not able to pay cash @a checking counter anymore..for checkin bags ,there are machines available for you to access a visa card to pay for checking bags.. I think persons should be aware of this ,if you"
Traveling with Teenagers,JetBlue is the best airline I've traveled by far. Not only are they generous with snacks but they are happy employees. TV's are a hugh bonus flying with kids!! They are the 1st airline I check whenever I fly.
"No Problems, Good Value, Early Arrival","Good flight, on time (actually 10 minutes early arrival), cheap ticket price. I rarely fly JetBlue, but I'm impressed. It was on a Embraer 190 jet which uses 2 and 2 seats. Good inflight service by the cabin crew. I boarded with Group D but overhead luggage space was still OK."
Unmatched Service for Baggage Problem,"I really like and have always liked Jet Blue. Their service, timeliness, etc. On my last trip, my baggage came out with a tear on it. I was basically going to have to buy a new bag. I didn't complain but did mention it in the survey I received. I didn't think anyone read those."
As expected. I would rather fly Jet Blue,"TVs worked great - enough entertainment for the 6hr flight. I wish they had some kind of glass floors or camera link to outside the aircraft, because - being from the congested northeast, I was mesmerized by the views of the desert below. Also, I purchased my tickets several"
Will not be flying JetBlue again!,"I was flying Boston - Chicago around 4pm. We boarded an hour late. No explanation was given, only repeated requests to check in luggage as there was not enough overhead space. When we finally boarded we sat on the plane for a long time before we started moving. Again, no"
Always a great trp with Jet Blue,"Always great customer service, because of heavy thunderstorms up and down the east coast many flights were delayed and or cancelled. I called customer service to ask if I could be switched to the first flight next day. Without hesitation it was done. my anxiety of getting in so"
"Despite delays, airline staff were nice","I've flown JetBlue a few times in the past and haven't had any trouble and this time was no different. I always find the staff, both at the airport and in the air, very kind and friendly, and genuinely decent folks who work well together and do everything they can for their"
"Decent leg room, free TV, regular-size snacks","The leg room seemed better than other airlines. There was free TV on the back of seats, which made the flight time go faster. The snacks were regular-size bags like you would buy in a store, rather than the ridiculously small portions on other airlines. Flight attendants were"
SEATAC TO ANCHORAGE BLISS,"These days flying isn’t always the most enjoyable way to spend 3-4 hours. Too often I’ve flown somewhere and wished I’d booked time with my dentist instead. Luckily for us, Jet Blue had other plans and provided us with a wonderful oasis in the sky for our flight to Anchorage."
Efficient Service for price point,Good service for an economy carrier. Their gate at JFK is well presented and efficient. Good leg room. Nice air craft. Good touch down and pleasant air hosts.
"Leather, Legroom and TV","Courteous In -Flight Staff , Added Extra Legroom for an additional Fee; Lite Meals Served, Nice Rewards Program with JetBlue Mastercard, TV , Sirius Music Big Plus; More Legroom and easier boarding then Southwest and other comparable Airlines"
awesome experience,"We traveled with Jetblue to and from FLL. We had a very good experience. Flight attendants were helpful, we had some delay due to thunderstorm and they were courteous enough to offer water. Leg spaces are good and world class in-flight entertainment with free light snacks."
Very Good,"My parents planned a family vacation. Our airline of choice was Jetblue. The ride there was very smooth. It was on time and check in was easy. The pilot was professional and the employees on the Jet were kind. There was a great selection of free snacks, drinks, tv channels and"
Reliable and comfortable,"Jet Blue is the only way to fly. Best fares, no hidden charges, free WiFi, TV screens for every seat, TV, movies, music, great service onboard and at the gate, communicators, on time and efficient. Even with a weather stop on all flights that caused a five hour delay leaving"
Love this Airline,"It was my first time flying this airline, I always wanted to fly it, since Elvis Duran, radio station kept bragging about it. Therefore, I had a great flight home, the seats were nice and comfy. The Directv entertainment was amazing, glad I brought my head sets. They wasn't"
Relaxed,"Wherever I take a trip, I like to use the airline I'm comfortable with... And JetBlue gives me that level of comfort... Their flights that I've been on were never over booked... Flight attendants are very pleasant kind and sweet... Plains are clean... Lots of leg room... You're"
One of the best Airlines in the US,"I Have been flying jet blue for a years, Great airline fantastic Customer Service. Military friendly"
JetBlue's new MINT seating is awesome,"We flew from Boston to SFO in the new JetBlue Business class - MINT. The seating and the service was exceptional. It had all the amenities that you would expect from Business Class at a significantly lower price. Since it is so new I expect that the prices will go up but, for"
Exceptional Service and assistance with our luggage and my Emotional Support Dog,The folks at EWR in checking us in was excellent. We were boarded early with my ESA dog and the flight was very enjoyable. We were delayed in Ft Lauderdale due to possibility of volcanic ash at our destination from an earlier eruption of the Cotopaxi volcano.
Great airline to fly!!,"Their services from SAN to FLL has always been good to me & my family. Also, they're the only airline (that I know of) who constantly fly's between SAN & FLL non-stop. Even their economy seats are large enough for just about anyone."
A smooth journey,Easy to book. Flight was punctual. It was very easy to pre-order some food for the flight ahead of time and not have to think about it. The options were limited but were fine for a three hour flight.
Vacation,We have flown JetBlue a few times. The service has always been very good. I find there fares to be one of the lowest for when we traveled. The seats are comfortable and the tv/movies make it a more enjoyable flight for the family. I would recommend flying this airline.
Two hours delayed,My flight was booked to leave JFK at 7 am. A few weeks before leaving I receive an email saying flight changed to 8 am. The day I am leaving we learn flight is delayed for 2 hours. We didn't leave until 10:30 but a 10 am flight to Punta Cana left before the 8 am. So jetblue gave
Flight from SeaTac to anchorage,We flew on JetBlue from Seattle to Anchorage to board the cruise. Not that we are tall or anything but we were very impressed with the leg room between seats even in economy.
Quick trip,What a great experience with JetBlue. We took a flight to Ft. LAUDERDALE then over to Cancun. The flight was on time and quick. The staff were great. The in flight tvs are cool. Snack are amazing and as many as you want. The leg room is outstanding. The regular seats have as
Return Home from SXM,"Wait in airport was bearable after what Airport experienced. Ample food and beverage. Waiting area comfortable although crowded. Shuttle buses to plane reasonable. Compared to 40 years ago walking on tarmac to plane, this was very acceptable."
Amazing airline!,I have always flown Delta but after my comfy flight with jetblue I am a hooked! So much more leg room!
Don’t fly JetBlue unless you have all day to travel,"They used to be a good reliable airline but lately you can’t find a flight that’s not delayed or worse, cancelled. My initial flight from Newark was cancelled without giving any explanation. Weather from departing and arriving city was perfectly fine (I’m talking sunny skies). I"
awesome,"We fly two or three times a year and love this airline. We're always on time, never cancelled, never rerouted, never inconvenienced.... All those nasty things that seem to happen when we use any other airline. Planes are spacious and comfortable, everyone has a TV and free"
Attention Passengers...your Flight is CANCELLED!,"Jet Blue Flight 1706 From Santo Domingo to Orlando Attention Passengers...your Flight is CANCELLED! As always, with no other options, we scheduled our JetBlue flight from SDQ to MCO...as this is the only alternative for a faster -reliable? - NON-STOP FLIGHT. But...”una"
vacation ending,"I love this airline, they are the best and most affordable. We were delayed for quite sometime, but the inflight staff made it bearable."
My airline of choice for many reasons,"I started flying with Jetblue about 12 years ago. I am a great fan of their leather seats with extra legroom, the great flight attendants I have experienced, and, especially, their in-seat TV programming. I have flown this airline throughout the US and further south - I am"
JetBlue,Fast and comfortable. Bathrooms were really tight but free snack and tv made it fun. Almost missed my flight coming back due to my e ticket not telling me they close the doors 15 min before boarding. My flight was scheduled for 9:40 and we got there at 8:55 gate was already
Wheel Chair service to Cancun,"All my years of travelling this was the first time I travelled with someone who required a wheel chair. Because my daughter is currently on crutches the worker very graciously changed our seats so that we wouldn't run the risk of another passenger ""accidentally"" bumping into her"
Love flight with then,"I love flying with then, the airplane was clean, the crew was very attentive and nice. Boarding was very smooth and pleasant. I was traveling with someone in a wheelchair and the attention that they gave us was perfect. The pilot was a female and it was very nice flight. We"
Fake bad weather!,"Flight cancelled because, according to a JetBlue C/S person, was coming. I wouldn’t be able to see it but it was coming. It was “out somewhere over the ocean.” I got rescheduled for the next day. Apparently the same mystery bad weather was still out there because flight delayed"
great flight,"we had minor delays due to weather. Even with the delays, we still managed to end up at our destination on time."
Easy Flight,Flight was easy from beginning to end. Good service and in plane entertainment kept me preoccupied the entire trip. Snacks & beverages were the usual but still very good.
We enjoyed our flight...,"This is the first time we have flown JetBlue and we really enjoyed our flight. The seats were comfortable and, even though we are short, we found the leg room very comfortable."
Terrible Experience - avoid JFK,"One time JetBlue flier and will not ever be flying with them again. Take my advice if flying out of or to JFK. I planned a trip with friends to Iceland back in March. the day of my flight they cancelled and had no explanation other than ""weather"", but there were no cancellations"
Best for leg room!,"A charming, small plane with two cabin crew and the largest space for legs made this flight very good indeed. Complementary soft drinks and snacks were served by polite crew. It is a shame we flew at night ( beware the mistakes you can make when it is a midnight flight - I got"
Very good value,"We booked our flight tickets lats minute, but the price was still reasonable. Everything went well, on time and the service on board was better than one would expect by a low cost airline."
Hopefully soon Jetf ade to Black,"Three of us traveling. Flight cancelled. Apparently this happens so often, they have an automated system for rebooking. Senior staff FAR too cowardly to show up, so they send folks who make less than I pay my lowest employee out. One spouts ""weather"" while the guy immediately to"
Good value!,"First timer on JetBlue to travel to Boston. I was pleasantly surprised with the experience. On time flights (actually early), friendly flight attendants, smooth flight. The entertainment on the seat backs left a little to be desired. I'm sure this technology was innovative"
Trip that didn't want to end,"I have traveled on Jet Blue for years, during this time I have ended up with delays but never like this. My trip to California was good no problems except a t.v. that the sound didn't work on the flight to NYC, once on the flight to L.A. things were fine. Stayed in L.A. a couple"
The only way we like to fly!!!!,We have flown Jet Blue many times and have rarely been disappointed. The staff is always helpful and the planes clean. We usually get the extra leg room seats which also allows for a shorter line at TSA. All in all it is a easy experience which is something to say in this day
Typical Jet Blue,"Typical Jet Blue, about 20 minutes late taking off, but we landed pretty much on time. Efficient, flight crew was friendly. I am a fan of Jet Blue although they now charge for headsets ( I bring my own). Will fly them when ever I can, no airline is perfect, all in all they are"
Flight to PR,Our flight leaving Orlando was changed 3 times. We expected to arrive in Puerto Rico at 2pm and didn’t arrive until 6 3o. Lost a lot of vaca time. This delay was due to bad weather up North so the flights arrived to Orlando late. Returning to Orlando our flight was delayed
Great round trip !,"Great flight down and back! Flight was slightly delayed leaving New York but no big deal. We actually arrived ahead of schedule both ways so it was fine. Crew was terrific on both flights. There was a little problem with tv reception on the return trip, but again it wasn’t a"
Disappointed,"We have traveled and we tend to always book jetblue. Today im extremely dissatisfied with their services. Our flight was delayed due to weather, something that is out of their hands but the thing that is not out of their hands is customer service. We understand we are all tired"
ALWAYS DELAYED,"Jet Blue at LaGuardia is the worst experience you can ever have on an airline. They are out in a third world location and ALWAYS delayed or cancelled. Most departures are delayed 2 to 3 hours. The flight itself is always pretty decent, but it is a true horror story getting"
Only way to FLY,90% Excellent...We did have delays but that was caused by connecting plane ran into weather delays from their origination point. The TV's are great when they work. Probably 95% of time it works We only travel JETBLUE!
Another bad experience,Two very bad experiences in a row the woman at the gate and also our Stewart was harassing a older man to go to the back of the line when everyone from the section boarded and his was next. He refused and they called the sheriff officer. I sneezed out loud power Trip and
Great accommodations for you injured passengers,My girlfriend and I were in a bad moped accident in Mexico that left us hospitalized for a week and made our trip home pretty difficult. Jetblue's customer service helped us changed our flights and make accommodations for seating to allow for extra room at no charge due to our
very comfortable flight,great flight and service....in time and all attendants very helpful will fly with them again....Took a round trip to Aruba and both times we find lines being short comparing to other airlines we took in previous trips. Yet blue in NY have their own terminal which makes your
Always A Good Flight on JetBlue,"I've been lucky that I've always had a good experience flying on JetBlue. If I could list one downside, it would be the pricing seems to change almost daily, so I check it often when flying back and forth from Fort Lauderdale to Nashville or West Palm Beach to NYC area. I'd love"
Inbound for Celebration of Life,"Inbound to EWR, flight was excellent. I was in row 2, loved it!! The ONLY issue, and it seems to prevail in the inbustry, was no acknowledgement of serving military or veterans that we’re traveling."
need to imporve on time perfornace,I can't figure out if this is the issue of flying in and out of JFK or LaGuardia or just flying to Florida and Carribean but every time I fly with JetBlue out of New York airports I find it to be a bit of a disaster. Flown several times out of LaGuardia and was delayed for a
Great budget flights and good,great airline for a very reasonable price if you book well in time from your travel dates. good in flight f&B options (paid of course) but still need such options on longer flights. overall good experience and would recommend to all.
Restaurant in JFK Terminal,"30 bucks for a cheese omlette, 4 slices of undercooked bacon and coke? And fake eggs? Bring snacks...as anyfood at the JetBlue terminal is overpriced and $$$...they should be ashamed. And the service is terrible."
Jet blue service tanks,"It used be the airline with the difference; however, their service seem to have taken hit. Flights are often late. They will always give the excuse it is weather, as it saves them money an don't have to pay customers to pay for hotel. Thier customer service at JFK seem to be the"
Great experience,"Flight was on time. No issues at all and we even arrived earlier on both ways. they have their own terminal in San Juan and the service while on the flight was ok, could be better but it was fine. the aircraft also needs an update but overall it took me to where I needed to"
NEVER RIDE JET BLUE,I am beyond disgusted with my experience with Jet Blue. This was my first time trying out jet blue and I honestly will NEVER want to ride it again. Our flight on the way to Cancun was delayed due to “a flight attendant not making it on time” and our flight going back to JFKis
Lack of communication and willingness to search for the best option,"The airline cancelled the flight on July 23, 2018, due to “bad weather”. My two teenage kids were traveling to Orlando to make a connection there to go to South America on Latam Airlines. The weather was good both in Newark and in Orlando, but according to JetBlue the problem"
Worst flight experience,"Delay 6 hours and still require to arrive at original departure time, leading me to wait 9 hours in the airport and caused me to arrive at the destination at 4:30 pm in the morning. Don’t choose this flight!!!!!"
Return home,"Flight was good. Sat in the back of the plane. No veteran preference for boarding, open seating, or use of headsets"
No surprises,"Flight was totally uneventful, departing on time and arriving a little early. However, the seats are very narrow and I had a very large man sitting beside me on the way back. He had to keep his legs wide open in order to fit in his seat. This made it difficult for me as my"
Lovely Flight Experience,"I had low expectations because it is commonly known as a budget airline. Lucky for me my expectations were greatly exceeded. The seats were very comfortable and there was enough legroom for a 6'-1"" man. The flight was short, so the services were limited, but the flight"
what is the big deal about Jet Blue,"where should we start? The 8pm flight left at 9:45p. First we were waiting for a stewardess to arrive. She should up at 8 pm and we got on board. THEN we waited a half hour for catering to deliver the food for business class!! NO outlet for the telephone. Oh, and let us not"
Just hope you don’t have issues,"The Good: comfy aircraft, on time service, pleasant flight attendants The Bad: lost luggage on a direct flight!!! The Ugly: getting the run around from the CSRs on the customer service lines. Different answers from each one. Misinformation regarding bag status, broken"
Ok International Flight,"I had heard wave reviews about JetBlue, so I decided to use them for an international flight, but the airline is average... Firstly, my flight was delayed by 1.5 hours due to 'maintenance issues' which caused me to miss some of my day plans at my destination. Secondly, my tv"
First and last time,"I am a relative frequent flyer but have not flown with JetBlue before. It was my first time and it will be the last for the following reasons: 1) They changed our itinerary twice in the month before the flight, including the times and airport, 2) in the process, they messed up"
one of the best domestic airlines.,outstanding airline. we visited dc and wanted to build on. we went to charleston to build on. there drinks and snacks were awesome! would go again.
Five Year olds First Flight,I'm hesitant to write this review because my experience was so good with Jet Blue that I'm scared that they won't be able to provide this standard of excellent service to all of their guests. But that's an irrational fear and I'm sure they are up for the challenge so I'll just
Project Manager,"Excellent flight — JetBlue’s attention to detail and legroom of flights, the hospitality of the flight staff and airline attendants are well above average and give jetblue a unique advantage."
ROUNDTRIP RSW TO JFK,We wanted non stop to RSW and then non stop to Denver. Jet Blue fit the bill Except for horrendous JFK the flight went well and we were occupied with in seat entertainment. Snacks and soft drinks were served and it easily passed the time
Outstanding,Hands down the very best airline. My daughter broke her finger on vacation and jetblue took care of everything to get us home to see the doctor. I will never forget that and will only fly them. Thanks @jetblue
Generally good experience,"Flown twice with JetBlue in past 2 weeks (and several times over years) and generally a good experience. I will say on the downside way too many seats are set aside for “more room” upgrades that I have to keep upgrading to, in order to not be stuck in a middle economy seat."
First time using Jetblue from O'hare Airport,"I usually have a great ride on Jetblue, this is the first time I am flying from O'hare but I usually use this airline to fly to and from Puerto Rico which I highly recommend. That is why I am giving this an average rating because my flight from Chicago was not the best. It"
Been loving JetBlue,"One of my favorite airlines. Only thing to remember, if you cancel your flights, you will not get the money back. You can choose another flight, another day, but you will have to pay a fee on top of the original purchase price. In no sam hells way will they give you a refund."
It was long but I'm glad we made it safe!,"We were delayed in Bermuda so we missed our connecting flight but they accomodated up and put us on a later flight. So as much as i was looking forward to arriving early, i was glad that we were still able to get there same day. The flight attendance on all the planes were"
Best Experience Ever,"Planning on Flying to Orlando to Visit Universal. The Stewart Airport (SWF) 70 miles from NYC is awesome, but that's for another review. We get there, all checked in, and told our airplane did not pass inspection. the maintenance and inspection was to take 2 hours, plus"
Direct flifhts to provo. TCI,We fly 2-3 times a year to the Turks and Caicos Islands. We always fly Jet Blue Airlines because of the direct flight. This flight is so easy.You get on the plane and a few hours later you are there. No hassle at either airport. Jet Blue we thank you for making our vacation a
Frequently delayed,"Opposite to what it was before, JetBlue timely departures are becoming less frequent. In the last weeks, this airline has provoked inconvenience to its customers due to inexplicable delays after boarding. Boarding at 10:30 pm and take off at 1:30 am! It’s exhausting!"
Some Issues on flight,"My wife and I and my son and his girlfriend took the !0:20 AM flight on 7/30/18. After boarding and pulling away from the gate, the plane was in line for takeoff when we were notified we were returning to the gate because of a water problem. The delay to take on more water"
Impressive,"I was very impressed with this flight. The check-in was smooth, no issues with weighing carry on luggage and they asked about seat preference which so many airlines fail to do at check-in nowadays. The seats were comfortable, plenty of leg room and the complimentary snacks and"
Jetblue vacations,I am a big fan of Jetblue and their vacation packages.....seating is comfortable with lots of leg room....the service is exceptional.....I recommend you give them a try if you haven’t done so already
Terribly unreliable,"They cancelled flight 2 hours piror to schedule, changed us to next day late evening flight, 730pm. Next day back at e airport, and at 630 informed flight delayed to 930. Not only do we lose a day causing us to lose the use of Disney fast pass. And arriving at Orlando pass"
LGA NY,LaGuardia airport in NYC is undergoing major renovations. Due to that Jet Blue uses the old Terminal A. Good part is that departures and arrivals is pretty fast as no other airline is there . Not a lot of food if you have a flight delay though. Car rentals are easy at that
Comfortable and Accommodating,"We were happy to have all four passengers placed together on this flight upon arrival. It was short notice and we thought we’d all have to sit separate. However, we were seated together on the 6th row. The flight crew was very courteous, cheerful and did a great job. The flight"
Above the rest,"If only every airline were run as efficiently and pleasantly as JetBlue (sigh). Living in Orlando, when I travel anywhere on the East Coast, I fly with JetBlue. And I travel several times a year. The flights are dependably on time, the leather seats are generous, and the knee"
Fly MINT!,"MINT is jetBlue's answer to business and first class. We had fully reclining seats (beds) with entertainment and great food and drink service. I've always loved jetBlue and now, I can say that MINT is a great experience as well."
Standard service. Nothing special,I only fly Jetblue. Some flights better than others. This time flight delayed almost an hour. Service was ok. Some attendants are friendlier than others. I will continue to use Jetblue regardless. Cant beat the tv and snacks.
Love the direct flight,"You have to appreciate a direct flight for the same or lower cost than the multi stop competitors. And free movies! Flight was packed though "
Smooth as can be!,"I don't like flying but it gets me where I need to be. That said, the JetBlue experience is much better than other airlines. There is more room in coach and I find the flight attendants to have a great sense of humor. Our flight was slightly delayed but not by very much. The"
Site maintenance,"We spent days trying to book a vacation we've been excited about going to forever now. The website had some glitches and wouldn't allow us to make a jetblue account online so we tried to download their app. We were able to create the app, plan the trip and everything was perfect"
“Nothing But (Jet)Blue Skies...”,"Everytime I fly JetBlue, I see something new they’re doing for passengers. In the Summer, when weather delays abound, they still manage up satisfy everyone on oversold aircraft that are oversold because they’re helping delayed passengers get on with their trips. Top notch,"
"comfortable flight, but you need to buy extra leg room seats","If you flight peak, the flight will be crowded. I flight a few times a year to the Caribbean and have learned to book extra legroom window seats; at $45 a seat it is not cheap. I also noticed that everyone is doing carry-on. So book a seat close to the front. Otherwise you'll"
Mint Seats are amazing! Great food and service amd comfort!,I was lucky enough to fly JetBlue Mint Seats and wish I could fly like this EVERYTIME! It was a gift and it was more than I could ever ask for. The flight atrendants were so sweet and helpful and attentive. You get a freshly cleaned blanket and pillow and headsets you can
Blue with JetBlue,We arrived at the airport only to find out that 1. No curbside check-in. 2. Kiosk check-in. 3. Confused - JetBlue employee not a big help. 4. Ear phone jack did not work at my husband's seat- out or back. 5. Torn seat back pocket - everything kept falling out of it. 6. Beat
First flight with jetBlue and I'll definitely use them again,"The seats were cushy, the legroom was adequate and the options for drinks and snacks were superb. By far they are one of the best airlines for economy flying in my opinion and I have flown many domestic carriers. The free wi-fi was my favorite perk and of course the free"
Boo boo Jetblue,First the planes were delayed. The bathrooms in Newark Airport were portapotties in the Jetblue terminal. Then they run out of water so the concession people jack up their prices. Finally on the plane taxi taxi ( I tell my wife it feels like we are driving to Florida) then
too bad No costumer service,I called costumer service after I reserved my ticket online (by international airline company which they reserved the domestic travel with jet blue) to ask for my confirmation code or ticket number they don't know anything
Terrible customer service...... failed 3 out of 4 flights!!,My family and myself had several unsatisfactory experiences on our recent flights with Jet Blue. 3 out of 4 of our flights were delayed or cancelled (some with no explanation!). On the departure portion of our trip the second flight was cancelled and rescheduled for the
JB is usually my go to but they failed miserably on both legs of this trip,JetBlue is typically my choice of airline when I have several but this time around they failed on both legs of the trip. Going from PBI to BOS we were delayed by HOURS and never reached Boston until close to 2am. This has been an ongoing theme the past couple of weeks and they
Crazy delay!,"I thought JetBlue would be awesome. After all, they do have TVs in the seats. However, as I sat at the airport and received FIVE (yes, five) delay notices, I realized JetBlue is not what it used to be. Our flight left more than 2.5 hours late, with no explanation. Good thing"
"Roomy seats, nice folks","I had never flown JetBlue before and was pleasantly surprised. Check in and such was great both ways, staff was accommodating when we asked for a seat change, and the seats are roomy in economy -- especially the planes with 6 across. All in all, a great experience. Pilots' take"
JetBlue is the best,"JetBlue is the best airline. They are friendly, great leather seats, free TV/movies. Flights to Boston are always affordable. I could be a spokes person for them. Love JetBlue"
Great Flight,"Was always skeptical of flying JetBlue. We have never used their airline or been recomended to do so. It was the cheapest flight for our trip so we decided to give it a try. It was one of the best experiences ever. We fly several times a year, both domestic and"
Smooth Flight,"I am not a huge fan of flying but when I do, I only like to fly on JetBlue. Their seats are comfortable and spacious, the attendants are always pleasurable and go out of their way to make you comfortable. I like the fact that every seat has their own monitor for viewing and"
Worst check-in system & customer service,"I book a reservation and when I tried to check in, computer system wouldnt let me. I had to call customer service and was on hold for 20 minutes. They finally got me checked in. Then, I couldnt download boarding passes. Called customer service again. They basically told me"
Great and friendly airline,This is the best airline that we have ever used. The website is easy and great to use. I hate flying but Jetblue makes it easy for me to go and see my grandson. They are friendly and very understanding. I have always booked our flights about three months early and have never had
My Favorite,I have just booked again with JetBlue. Had a great experience last year and hoping for the same again. More room without having to pay for more room. More comfortable seats. Flight attendants very nice. Flights all on time. No issues.
Not so good,"This flight was a part of a package I purchased from Germany to Atlanta. I had previously flown with 2 other airlines so had something to compare. I found this flight to be uncomfortable, they charge for everything (even earplugs) and they did not factor in enough time to allow"
JFK nightmare,"Let me start out by saying that I have had all good experiences with JetBlue except for this time and it was not all their fault. Mother Nature and the backlog at JFK were to blame. It was a bad weather night to travel and the large number of evening flights, especially the"
Bad day made better,We missed our flight in the am due to many reasons. I was upset but not at them. The woman and gentleman at the gate made me feel better by using humor and trying to find the next available flight even if it meant flying somewhere else and getting on another flight. We finally
Andrew Donavan,"Jet blue is one of a few decent airlines around. I used to fly for Pan American, I know times have changed but the customer service and up charges for everything is rediculous. Jet blue stays true"
Best in Class,This was my first opportunity to try JetBlue Mint. WOW! I’ve been fortunate to fly in business on United American Delta. None of the above even come close. The seats are amazing! Full lie flat ability with infinite adjustments from take off to inflight you can adjust lumbar and
Austin to NY flawless!,We had a wheel chair and older family fly with us and JetBlue did not fail in service at all. They attended the wheel chair client and us because we were all seated together and was let onto the plane for early boarding. This was a great help because we had younger children in
Great Flight!,Always a fun and pleasant flight! Our flight crew was really great! Neon and Deon were especially super! Thanks Guys!
Cannot recover from bad weather delays,"Bad weather along the eastern coast causing delays and cancellations,,,,In my case many of both. First let me say that the weather is not in the airlines control so when bad weather rolls in I expect delays and sometimes cancellations. HOWEVER, how you react to these situations"
Good Flight,One of the boarding staff was not helpful but rude. They are very strict with weight. The flight service was very good. They had tie up with Etihad Airways and took our luggage and we received it at the end. They gave unlimited snack packets. I still prefer South West airlines
Excellent service,I had planned for a vacation and had booked ticket 3 weeks in advance. There was some mistake in the booking process were in I was granted seats for 4 of us but payment was processed for only 2. Mistakes can happen but what impressed me was their customer service who called me a
Horrible JetBlue Experience,This was my first time flying JetBlue and honestly i won’t do it again. The flights there and back were delayed. First flight was delayed due to mechanical issues (we really were waiting on what seemed to be a family of 20 people who were late for the flight) and the flight back
Pleasantly Surprised,"I was nervous about using JetBlue because I was traveling by myself with a young child. I was glad I did.. On time, outstanding service. I will be sure to use this airline again."
good floight,"We enjoy Jet Blue. More leg room, TV's and generous snacks. We often get to fly on our points for free, which is a real benefit"
Love JetBlue,Always a pleasure to travel with JetBlue. From curbside check-in to boarding always very professional.
Connected with Aer Lingus for round trip to Ireland,"JetBlue is my preferred airline b/c of its comfortable seats/leg room and great service. I flew JetBlue to Newark to connect with Aer Lingus to Dublin and when I returned I flew in to JFK in NYC. Unfortunately, I had been unable to book my flight all the way home to Austin, so I"
Beware of JetBlue using another airline for connections!!,"For some flights this could be fine. This is only our experience. we Booked a flight with JetBlue from Boston to Marsh Harbour Bahamas. When we arrived for our connection in Ft. Lauderdale, JetBlue only gave us 50 minutes to get from terminal 4 to terminal 1 which is where"
Rebook to Mexico,"I LOVE JetBlue. Long planned retirement celebration trip to Mexico and my mom suddenly dies 4 days before. JetBlue rebooked me with no fees, no hassle and a great deal of sympathy. They did not ask for proof, they couldn’t have been nicer. People tout Jetblue’s Extra"
BOS - LAX,"Had to change the flight from BOS - SAN because of the weather delay and the missed flight. Was on the phone for 36 min. with JetBlue. wonderful experience with the phone agent. The only problem I pre-bought my bag fee only to be charged with it again, had to file a claim to get"
Cross Country with Ease,"Full beverage, snack service. Some family flew non stop on Alaska Air, and they didnt even get the full can? Really? On an non-stop nearly 6 hr flight? Thank goodness I was on JetBlue!"
A cut-above for comfort and smooth ride,"Jet blue airlines is really is a cut-above for flying. It is great in terms of leg room, comfortable leather seats, and now both my flights had a cabinet where passengers can get up at any time to help themselves to extra chips, cookies, and/or a beverage (that’s in addition to"
Great Legroom If You Pay Extra,"Flew an evening nonstop from JFK to ABQ, my first experience on jetBlue. I paid a little extra for more legroom and was not disappointed. Absolutely the most I've seen in a long, long time. On the negative side, the plane was kept so cold that my closest neighbor and I both"
Flying high,From Orlando to Syracuse the people were so friendly and helpful in every day. JetBlue customer service was so helpful in getting us a seat up front so I didn't have to walk far for being a handicap person. They had a wheelchair and a person ready for me from airport to airport.
Awesome,"Friendly, snacks for free, Dunkin coffee.very nice service. Beautiful servuce6, free wifi. TV and new movies. Overall the best airline I have taken. Very very nice airplane . I would recommend to everyone"
Cancelled,My son and I were doing a one day trip from Philly to University of New Hampshire out of Boston (Took train to Durham) and our return flight was cancelled. They blamed it on the weather. It was Friday night and were told that the first flight they could get us was Sunday on any
They screwed up our VaCay,"First, they change the time of the flight after we booked it and THEY changed our seating so our minor children (barely 8 yr old) cannot sit by a parent or even close to a parent (unless we wanted to pay more which as of 2017 is illegal), then they refuse to fix that. THEN, they"
Worst experience ever,Flights delayed or canceled without any other option.. staff wish you good luck even if you hve to wait for more than 36 hours for the next flight Don't ever book with them.. it is horrible
"Long delay, no compensation, uncaring customer service rep.","I'd originally booked a flight to Vegas with an arrival time of 930 pm, but needed to get there earlier so I cancelled that flight and booked with Jet Blue with an arrival time of 6pm. Plane took nearly an hour to take off from SFO, and upon arriving at Long Beach, we were"
Better than United by far.,When it came to purchasing my plane ticket. I selected jet blue for the comfort freindlyness. And smiles from all the employees. One ticket agent tomas really sticks out. He assisted me with my seat and really made me feel special that's something you dont see from airlines
No Hassle Flight,Flying from Portland to the Long Beach airport is the smart way to get to the L.A. area. Efficient airline; reasonable price; short wait for bags at LGB. Rental car companies just across the street from LGB Airport and short drive out of airport to Interstate 405 to head
My Favorite,"My trip from JFK to CUR was great. I'm a JetBlue loyalist, but any objective observer would recognize that full sized snacks and drinks are a small but appreciated gesture to your passengers. The flight was smooth, the attendants were typically cheerful, and it was about as"
Fly Jet Blue !!,"I have flown with Jet Blue for over 3 years, mostly to the Caribbean. This was the 1st time I flew across the states direct from NYC to San Francisco. Flight was smooth, on time and down right enjoyable (coming from a person who hates to fly). There were no delays or incidents"
Great Flight,"Our flight was a bit delayed due to storms out of our area. However, once we boarded the plane the flight crew was absolutely fantastic. They were extremely nice and attentive. It was the smoothest flight I have ever been on. Will definately continue flying jetblue."
Won't fly anyone elsee,"Great flight! The crew was great, the snack was, a snack. On time in both directions. Easy on, easy off."
Late is their middle name,"One my first flight from Anchorage to Seattle, Jet Blue was on time and ready to go. This leg they were well over an hour late even getting to the gate. I got several emails about the delay but it was very frustrating to not be aware of whether it was mechanical or the airplane"
A bad flight,"Although the flight attendants were friendly, our flight was delayed for more than an hour and half due to the bad weather, after flying for an hour there were a fight between some the passengers, and the flight attendants managed to stop it and return everyone to his seat,"
Average,"Upgraded at $50 a seat to sit front row for ""extra"" leg room. Turns out it was actually LESS leg room because in front of you was a wall. At least in the standard seats, I can extend my legs underneath the seat in front of me. Laughable upgrade would never do it again."
We only fly Jet Blue,We have been flying with Jet Blue for a couple of years. Their prices have always been within reason. They have never bumped us or overbooked their flights. This trip was no exception. They departed from JFK on time and the same for Charleston. We expected the unsettled weather
Worse airline ever!!!!!,"Worse airline. We got to the airport to find out our flight was delay an hr, then when we were waiting at the gate, we were told it was delay another hr. After waiting that other hour came to find out our flight was cancelled because there were no pilots, what kind of excuse is"
Lost my Luggage,"They have the worst costumer service. I checked 2 luggage’s the lady placed the same bag tag for both luggage’s and one is missing. Now I don’t have any clothes to wear at my vacation. Also, the airport line is insane and the organization is terrible! If you want to travel"
CEO,cancelled and delayed more than 10 times in my 15 times flight !! We were supposed to departure at 7:45pm now it’s 12:50 am they haven’t found the captain to fly us !! Rediciulous !
Fast & Easy,"Like all airlines, of you get delayed, you'll leave a poor review. This time however no delay. Flight was as a flight should be. Fast easy check-in, boarding and great staff. Plus it's only one of two flights I have ever taken that gives free WiFi."
JetBlue will never get you to your destination on time,JetBlue used to be a quality airline that prided itself on being punctual. No longer. 4 round trips in the past 2 months and not once had the flight been on time.
The worst ever,We had flight from orlando to boston and from there to tlv. When we arive the ap we get massege that the flight canceled. After an hour they move ud to flight with conecation at jfk. The flight depatture time were 17:13 then its delayed to 18:43 and then to 19:43. When we
Traveled with two young grandchildren - Awesome airline and terrific crew and pilots!,"I was flying my grandchildren, ages 7 & 11, from California to Massachusetts for a vacation. Checked into San Jose Airport and easily checked my grandchildren in. The customer service from the time I walked in the airport until we boarded the plane was exceptional. We sat up"
First time on Jet Blue,What took me so long? I took a red eye to Boston in June. My past experience on other carriers taking a redeye resulted in a sleepless back breaking nightmare. Jet Blue economy seats are the roomiest I ever experienced. On this overnight flight I found a sleeping mask and
gate staff and onboard staff,gate staff were helpful and caring. without asking they changed our seats to front row to give us more space when noticed at gate that my wife is using a cane to walk.service on board was less than expected as if they were on hurry to finish what they were listed to do.
Worst Customer Service Experience at Check In,"I had called and customer service was great...that was the end of that. My husband and I flew out of JFK to return home to HI through LAX. We arrived 2+ hours early. @ Kiosks, we couldn't check our bags. The JetBlue attendant told us to stand in the CS line. ~15 guests in"
Flying JetBlue from Boston to Long Beach is the best!,Flying into Long Beach is like flying back in time! You deplane through two doors (front and back) onto the tarmac where you then walk outside to get your luggage and/or car. Reminds me of flying in simpler times!
Terrible....,"Delay - Delay delay. The airline is terrible. the should get their thing together. I spend 8 hours in the airport waiting for a flight, delayed every one hour"
Not my first choice anymore,"Boy!!! What lousy service!! Have had three flights in two weeks with Jet Blue Two cancellations, one delayed flight!! Ridiculous! No answers provided, just your flight is the next day, Okay, so good luck on hotel meals and everything else! No air conditioning in airport,"
Wonderful service,"The customer service on the flight was exceptional. I love the array of snacks and beverages this airline offer to customers and the free wi-fi, you can not beat. The ease of the boarding process was a plus as well, and the pilot kept us updated during the flight of expected"
Always great service and high quality,"I've always had a good time with JetBlue. They are clean, comfortable, and try to make customers happy."
Fantastic service,"This was the best flight I've ever been on in the States. I've flown in the US with several airlines: British Airways, US Air and Continental are all excellent but JetBlue surpasses them all. Although seated in economy, there was plenty of room, I didn't feel crowded but the"
First Flight With Children,"Airline lacked empathy and excitement for kids first flight. Kids were perfect, didn't cry, calm, just needed to walk a few times down the aisles on 6+ hour flight with 45 min delay on tarmac. Mentioned several times kids first flight, hoping the response would be similar to"
Never again!!,"My first ever negative online review. Remember when JetBlue had great customer service? Well that time is long gone. JetBlue is now at the bottom of the barrel. Flight was supposed to leave at 10:40am, and I have now received 14 text notifications delaying the flight by 45"
Seat Assignmnt Change,"I always fly with jet blue and never have a problem but this time around, when we arrived to the airport they has reassigned our seats without any notice. My family was separated on the plane. This was an absolute nightmare. I was traveling with 2 children and my husband. In the"
Nightmare on Elm Street,"We had an awesome vacation untl this flight headed home. We were flying from Monteho Bay, Jamaica back to Orlando, FL. The plane was diverted to Tampa, FL instead due to weather. We were suppose to fly into Orlando by 6:30 pm that evening. We waitedon the plane over 4 1/2"
NOT PROFESSIONAL AT ALL,"Bunch of Hispanic Speakers with attitude who barely speak English. Also they slam the suitcases down as if they want to break them . Also no email , no calls , no texts stating the flight is cancelled . Suddenly out of nowhere they announced there is too many flights interfering"
An okay flight from point A to point B,My friends and I took a trip to Cancun for our birthday. We flew JetBlue from NAS to FLL and from FLL to CUN. The agents were really great at arranging our seats together especially since we book them separately. It was so helpful of them. We had a 4-hour layover between the
Unaccompanied minor waiting at the airport for eight hours for a delay flight,My son has been flying on Jet blue as an unaccompanied minor for a couple of years now with no problem. He was flying back home from Bogota Colombia today but his flight was delayed for eight hours and then finally cancelled. I received information via email for the first 3
Traveled JetBlue from the beginning.,We have loved JetBlue from the beginning and continue to fly it whenever it is possible when considering destination and price. Our trip was smooth with a perfect landing as usual. Our only issue which we noticed this year was a lack of clarity and organization during the check
If only they would not charge for bags I'd give them 5 stars,"We just finished a two week vacation with JetBlue providing 2 of the flights(Portland, ME to NYC, NYC to SFO). The free wi-fi is great. The snacks and drinks OK.We didn't try their food. Flights were on time and the only complaints would be a screen that didn't work on the short"
Not a pet friendly airlline!,"The Short version: My girlfriend and I were turned away 90 mins before our flight because they changed their emotional support dog policy after we purchased our ticket and made no attempt to contact us. Left us stuck at midnight with no flight, no options, and were"
Straight Shot to Florida!,"Nonstop from Worcester to Ft. Lauderdale doesn't get much better than this. A small airport, with close parking, great customer service and a personalized approach. The flight was fine - we love the free drinks and snacks. Consider helping out by doing a gate check for your"
Smooth Ride,The staff and accomodations were very well. I'm thankful for the early check in and smooth ride we had.
JetBlue is True!,"Great Flight...Great Service....Great FAs..A Perfect Flight. Departed on Time..Arrived Early!! Food and Drinks amazingly acceptable!! Yes, there are business meetings when others do the flying ✈!!"
Excellent Customer Service,"In January I had a trip planned to go to Colorado, but my flight was cancelled the day before due to impending snow storms. It was rescheduled to the following day, but rather than cut my trip short I decided to see if I could fly out that night instead. I called Jetblue and"
Service levels dropping and EvenMore seats shrinking,"I fly JB a lot (domestically and Internationally) and always purchase EvenMore Seats. I have definitely noticed that the seats do not recline as much as they used too. This is a real issue!!!! Aside from boarding preference, leg room and general comfort from an upgraded ticket"
Loved it,"I have flown in american airlines , United, frontier ect and I have to day jetblue is the best out there it's just so much more comfortable and the service is great I will never use another airline again unless I have no choice. 5"
A total disaster made right in the end,"Recently, 27 of us attempted to take Jet Blue to Aruba for my sisters wedding. Everything was planned perfectly on our end, however, not the same could be said for Jet Blue. To say I was not thrilled with the delayed takeoff or staff would be an understatement. Upon returning"
Long Day at JFK,"This was the longest day at any airport. I know the weather was the main cause, but it was so uncomfortable. And listening to a JetBlue gate employee not even know what gate she was working, even after half the passengers in the area kept yelling out the correct gate number."
On Time,"On Time,Clean aircraft . Skilled pilot.Great Flight attendants.Ease boarding .Attendants very attentive and a quiet late night flight."
Treat Yourself with a Good Night's Sleep!,"I like to spend as much time as possible at home with my family when traveling for business. So, this was my 2nd time flying JB Mint. SOO well worth it although I had to go thru NY's Kennedy airport, it's not available from Orlando to LAX. From the concierge service the"
Nice plane...,"I hadn’t flown JetBlue for a while, and was not aware of the new boarding system... most of the airlines I use, if I use their credit card, you get early boarding... The plane was comfortable and clean, the crew was your average I could care less attitude... But it was a direct"
Best Domestic Airline,"Simply the best US domestic airline, especially if you're flying from New York or Boston to Los Angeles - the seats are incredibly room with lots of space between rows, the staff is always friendly, the inflight entertainment is great, and they have self-serve snack bars."
Easy flight,"Easy flight, lovely staff - shorter than we thought it would be. We appreciate the extra legroom seats and snack options, and always enjoy the cheerful staff from the gate to the plane."
jet blue,Both times i have tried to fly with them the flights have been delayed crazy amounts of time and they do very little to help with finding flights and getting are money back. They refunded us w points and were very rude ab it. Thank god for southwest to have available flights
Delayed for 3 hrs due bad weather.,"This 3 stars are not because of the delay but because the airline did nothing with the passengers with connecting flights, once we where in US soil doing the check in is slow and we where already late for our connecting flights, many of the passengers lost their flights because"
Flight to Aruba,Always use jetBlue now and everything goes great. Having the jetBlue card helps too. 1/2 price drinks in flight! great airline will be using again.
have a good flight,"fast check in with machine, very helpfull staff, good entertainment in the plane, snack and drink provided"
Exceeded expectations!,"jetBlue flies to Anchorage seasonally, so my wife and I gave them a try. Traveling with a toddler is a challenge, but jetBlue made it easy. Check-in was super smooth and the gate staff was friendly and answered all of my 3 year old's question:) We give them two thumbs way up!"
"Customer Service, Courtesy and Respect is Gone for JetBlue",On Monday July 2nd I approached the gate at 8:11 for a flight leaving at 8:30. The doors were already shut and boarding had been closed early. A bystander said they closed the door 3 min. prior. After going to the gate nearby and having a gentleman call the girl who had closed
My preferred airline,"As usual, JetBlue provided a pleasant, stress-free flight experience. Well yes, I would love some chips, thank you! I appreciate the professional, yet easy going staff."
Pleasant; Helpful and Secure Airline!,"Always a nice and smooth flight; courteous Stewards; organized and fast. The seats are a little tight, but you can adjust to them. Any of the JetBlue workers have been very helpful and understanding. That's well appreciated to a passenger."
Always good,"We fly JetBlue almost exclusively. Early AM departures are best, on or ahead of schedule. Onboard space is better than most. Great crews also."
Good Airline for the price,Took a Flight from ATL via FLL to Nassau Bahamas - Family of 4. No issue to report and overall it was a good experience. Nothing different than most other airlines. The only really minor thing I could possibly say is about their web site. I was buying four tickets but only
What's there NOT to love about JetBlue?,"Love, Love, Love JetBlue. Long Beach airport is easy-breazy, the JetBlue staff is always pleasant, the seats (extra leg room!) are comfortable, their snacks (many free choices) are delicious, AND, you get TV and movies!!!! Yay, JetBlue!!!!"
More leg room in economy then the extra legroom I pay for on United.,"I live 45 minutes closer to Newark Liberty, but worth the long drive to JFK.I wish their hub was Newark."
Great Airline,What an awesome airline. I just wish they flew more places. Great crew and the best in customer service. Pleasant way to fly
JetBlue is a great company,We took a red eye to FLL and not my favorite hours to fly but the JetBlue Crew worked hard to take the bite out of the flight. I signed up for the credit card and was awarded a ton o points and now I am a true blue JetBlue Fan!
Orlando,"Jet blue doesn’t nickel and dime you. It was refreshing not to have to pay to pick a seat, free wifi on the plane a whole can of ice tea flight was on time and buffalo is a great airport to fly out of"
"Not as good as they used to be, but the best out there.","The service is very good on the phone, when I called with a question. The in flight crew was nice, as was the desk crew. There always seems to be a delay for one reason or another now a days. The last couple of times, the delay was that even though the plane was there, the crew"
We were treated like guests in the flight personals home.,Listen we flew economy so your not overly stretching out.However it was fine. Service was great. I love being treated nice. If you want another drink or a chip.Help yourself.No drama no problems.I love this airline..
Not More Space,Paid $60 for a seat on JetBlue Extra Space. What a joke at my expense. Def not worth the money because it was NOT more Space at ALL. This review is not for JetBlue regular seats only EXTRA SPACE SEAT.
Flight was generally a good flight,"Had no problem going from MCO to LAX, other than the flight took off almost 2 hours late due to some plane issue, but all worked out ok. Took red eye back from LAX and all went well"
Father died,Father died two day before my trip. I had paid for extra space also flight insurance. I called to cancel trip the reason being my father died. Person I spoke with said oh well I will refund this money to your JetBlue MasterCard and jet blue is sorry for your loss. I thought to
Planes need update,"You get what you pay for. The interior looks worn out- plane had to return cause of cockpit smell. After waiting 4 hours at FLL JetBlue place passengers on another plane. Fed us water and chips to keep things calm, seems like ALL flights had issues that day. Not worth it for a"
Mint is unbelievable,My wife and I have been waiting for the mint experience for our annual trip to Las Vegas. It did not disappoint. Flying on Mint was the greatest flight we have taken. The flight attendants were so attentive. The food was great and the comfort of the seats was unbelievable. Then
Awesome flight and on time both ways.,JetBlue never disappoints specially when they support New York’s finest. I always check their flights before any airline. I have their CC and I get 50% off purchases in flight... love Jet Blue.
Flying With Jet Blue,"Flying on JetBlue for me has always been a good experience.For the most part the service and staff has always been good. Wheather it's to New York,Jamaica,Virginia or Spain JetBlue has always been fare.On a few occasions you may run into an agent who's had a ruff day when"
Wonderful Flight Despite Adverse Conditions,"Flight was delayed a few hours because of Adverse Weather. The crew kept us well informed, while at the Terminal and while we waited on the Tarmac. Very pleasant crew. The captain was phenomenal. Flight was great."
3 Hrs of Delays and No Communication,"What a disappointment. In 35 years of flying, this was the worst flight and airline experience I have had. Flight was delayed out of Las Vegas 'due to thunderstorms' in the area. Ok. So a 30 minute delay. Then after the flight finally gets into LBC airport, their is a"
Vacation Cancun,My children am I went to Cancun for our summer vacation July 6th-10th. We booked our vacation using JetBlue airline. We had one connecting flight and the flight was completely booked. We enjoyed using Jetblue because all the flights were on time and the staff was great. I liked
Used to be awesome,"Saddened to say that I am no longer a fan of Jet Blue. First of all, our flight was cancelled. Supposedly, because of adverse weather. The other airlines were still flying to Orlando that evening so the weather could not have been too adverse. They rescheduled us for a"
CANCELLED FLIGHT,Our flight was CANCELLED the same day of my travel. I was contacted by the airline to accommodate us the following morning. Very professional and courteous. I later found a better flight for us to a closer airport. I've contacted the airline few hours before the flight we
Pathetic customer service,"The worst airline. JetBlue talks about how important their customers are to them but when it comes time to demonstrating that, they always do what is good for them first and the customer just has to suck it up. Tonight my wife and daughter flew into JFK on an international"
"Simple, No Hassle","Started flying again after a 10 year hiatus. Been on three roundtrips in recent months. JetBlue was best. Getting through security at OAK took 2-3 minutes, and at LGB it was even quicker. On time outbound flight. Boarded easily. More leg room than Alaska, and WAYYY more"
Always breaking down or Delay,Last time we went to Jamaica on Jet Blue we were delay cause they had to get a part for another plane that was broken down in Jamaica and this time we went Isla mujeres Mexico right before we took off the pilot said we cant go anywhere cause we have a computer problem.What i'm
Return flight from Boston,"Booking was easy. No priority check-in at Logan. Flight was supposed to leave at 4:56pm, but didn't leave until 8:15pm. Said it was a weather problem. They kept me informed with text messages and updates."
Trip to New York,"Booking was easy, Seats were great. I always take the aisle seat. I used my JetBlue credit card so I got points and free checked luggage. My only problem was passengers with carry-ons, very rude and it takes so long to get off the plane! Passengers with no carry-ons should"
Amazing Business Class,There are so many good things I don't even know where to start ..... Check-In was swift and very very welcoming. The training for JetBlue is very very very good. Ahead of me was a discontent gentleman and I was truly impressed at the professionalism and the level of courtesy
awful. Simply awful. No clue no communication,First delay 30 mins. But I knew what was coming. JB is king of the progressive delay. 30 mins. 45 more an hour more. Then another. No reason at all given for delay. 4 gate changes. Stlll no reason or expected departure date. Their personnel are not qualified to run a
Pretty good for a budget airline,"I decided to pay for extra space and priority boarding and security. However, the latter was not possible, even though the website had indicated otherwise. After getting stuck in the check-in line and then in security, I arrived at the gate just in time for boarding. By the time"
Not your standard economy airline,JetBlue’s service is by far superior to that of every other economy airline I’ve flown. The customer service level far exceeded that of any other airline I’ve ever flown. The booking process was very easy and the preflight communication was on point. I would recommend JetBlue
Luggage and seat assignment,Luggage. We checked our luggage and paid $100 for 4 pieces. We get to the gate and they asked for 15 volunteers to check their luggage at no charge. This is not fair. Seats. We are a family of 4. We were instructed our seats would be assingned at the gate. We approached the
Jet Blue nightmare trip,We departed LAX this AM on Jet a Blue bound for Nassau with brief stop to change planes in Fort Lauderdale. When we arrived in Florida we were told our Jet Blue flight to Nassau had been cancelled and they had rebooked us on a flight leaving in 2 days. No explanation for the
Great Experience!,"This flight left late due to weather conditions. It was a pleasant flight. I love Jetblue always with good services, it is my favorite airline."
6 hours late,We decided to try Jet Blue as I always fly Delta and it has been a horrible experience. Our flight to Maryland was delayed 6 hours and we didn’t get to our hotel until 6:00 in the morning when we were expected to land at midnight. Now we are flying back home from New York and
Worst airline for delays,"Last time I fly JetBlue , out of 12 flights I’ve Flown with them , only one has been on time . Another 7 letter word for delayed is Jetblue . After a 3 hour delay they never even offered a complimentary beverage , United delayed me 1 hour out of Chicago and they offered a free"
Terrible service and unorganized,I was flying home for leave while in the army. The customer service people were flat out disrespectful and no help. Felt like it was a problem just to ask a question to these people. 15 hour layover . Worst flying experience of my life
Good Domestic flight,we took a flight from New York to Orland with JetBlue and it was really enjoyable compared to other domestic flights companies. we boarded on time and the seats were comfy. Wi Fi on the flight is one of their biggest advantages.
Good airline,JetBlue does not disappoint. They leave on time and land early! You get unlimited snacks and drinks which is always a plus!
JetBlue flight out of control and crammed up seats.,Total caos on this flight from Cancun to jfk. The flight attendants do not get any control over unruly passengers and out of control kids. Flight was delayed because people wouldn’t sit down and let their kids run up and down the aisles. Attendants do nothing about it. JetBlue
Smooth sailing,"We always take the earliest flight possible. We only fly with JetBlue. Seating is comfortable, snacks available. They even have dunkin donuts coffee."
"Great flight, price and service",Great experience through out the process from buying to final landing. The onboard entertainment and snacks were greatly appreciated.
Friendly service and lots of leg room,"My children and I were flying back to Portland from Lisbon Portugal. The second leg of our flight was Boston where we had a 22 hour layover. When we dropped our bags, The tags issued in Portugal would not scan. Additionally, my daughter is boarding pass when scanned said her"
Great pilot smooth ride,Excellent handling of the plane . Nice smooth ride. Friendly staff.Comfortable seat.This was a great flight for me I usually fly Delta but after flying Jet Blue I felt more comfortable in a bigger seat with plenty of room and the pilot was Great The ride was so comfortable I
Smooth Flight,First time flying on this particular airlines so I was somewhat leary but as it turns out it was a noneventful smooth flight all the way.
Another excellent flight with very professional and pleasent JetBlue employees,"I have flown on this airline many times before and this flight was their normal excellent service oriented flight. The staff was right on the money as they always are. The ease of doing things was as normal a very pleasant experience. The last thing that I, or anyone as a matter"
What is happening to JetBlue?,"We used to truly enjoy traveling with JetBlue. But for the past three years, we have not been on a flight that hasn’t been delayed over four hours. I understand that weather can have an impact on punctuality, but some delays are beyond comprehension. Especially when you choose"
Delayed again!,The last 3 trips my husband and I took to Florida we flew with JetBlue and our return flights were delayed each time by 3-4 hours! We’ve never expirenced such delays with other airlines so I’m confused why this occurs with them. Either way we’ll never fly with them again. Im
"Lovely flight and staff, but...","My family flew round trip to Aruba. On both flights, the staff was lovely and efficient; everything was pleasant. On the way back, the movie/tv system didn't work for a large percentage of the plane. It was fine, but it would have been great to catch up on all the movies I"
Good Flight,I took this flight to visit my daughters. I booked Even More Legroom mainly because I am a little tall and the even more seats fit me better. Because the day was a bit stormy there were some limits to what the flight attendants could do. They did bring around neck pillows and
Average Flight,"The flight was non eventful. I’m giving it only an average rating because my daughter’s and my entertainment controls were broken so we had to stare at whatever was playing on the screen in front of us. It’s very annoying and disappointing to be on a long flight, and an"
"A long trip, a nice airline","A group of 4 friends departed from San Juan, Puerto Rico, via Ft. Lauderdale to our final destination: San Francisco. The airplane was very clean on all the portions of the flights, the crew is extremely courteous and well-trained to suit all the passenger's needs. Even though"
Don’t fly them...”Just Ask” but Don’t Receive,I paid premium pricing to travel to Cartagena Colombia. If I had known that these guys have worst gate locations and perpetually late arrivals and not enough gates...I would have flown a real airline. I Arrive Fort Lauderdale with two hours to make a connecting flight to get
If you are flying with CHILDREN or as a FAMILY....AVOID JET BLUE AT ALL COSTS,"Although Grand Cayman is a wonderful destination, the travel portion of the vacation, courtesy of JetBlue has been a logistical NIGHTMARE! Despite spending over 240 dollars to upgrade seats going TO grand cayman, our in flight entertainment in the rear of the head rests did not"
Baggage lost,JetBlue has to be the worst airline to ever fly we arrived at 3:49am on July 26 2018 my bag was sent on a different flight. After a headache they located the bag and told me my bag was to arrive at the airport at 12pm. We called as Instructed. Then was told it was sent on a
I'M A JETBLUE GUY - BUT I HAVE TO ADMIT,"Let me preface this by stating that I was and still remain a JetBlue guy. I am chalking this experience up to a mere anomaly. Strike 1: I had trouble trying to book my flights (specifically my seats) using AMEX points. I could see the flight, but not the available seating"
Amazing Service - Free In Flight Wi-Fi,"For a budget airline JetBlue are amazing, the Americans have it so go free in flight wi-fi. I would recommend this airline to all travellers from the UK, whilst visiting the states and requiring an internal flight."
Stranded For 4 Days,"Getting home 4 DAYS late thanks to constantly canceled flights on JetBlue. I live in Sacramento. They are flying me from Burlington Vermont to JFK to San Fran, because the agent who ""helped"" me doesn't seem to get that SF is a 2 hour drive from Sacramento. They've done"
JetBlue always my first choice,"This is why I always choice JetBlue. I booked a flight using TrueBlue rewards for travel from San Diego connecting in Fort Lauderdale and final destination Newark, NJ. On the day of travel I received notification that the flight was delayed an hour as the day progressed it got"
Courteous and Comfortable,We booked through a travel site and didn't realize till we reached the airport that our seats were scattered about. What parent wants to be separated from their children? So our seats were quickly changed and we were put together both going and returning. The seats were
Dont fly if you're an artist!,"I had to fly JetBlue to connect to my Emirates flight from JFK. When I tried to check in, I was told that JetBlue's policy does not allow any paints on board. I explained that my newly purchased acrylic paints and various art materials were waterbased, and non-flammable, and was"
Jetblue is no longer the stellar airline it used to be,"I've been a loyal TrueBlue Customer and have flown with Jetblue for 10+years but this experience has made me rethink that. Flight was totally mishandled...4.5 hrs on the tarmac, no food or water offered. Flight was then cancelled. chaotic process to rebook. Rerouted to Boston"
jetBlue the best,"I always felt terrified of flying, until I tried jetBlue and for the first time in my life I felt SAFE. Now it's my favorite and I recommend it to everyone."
Nice Flight,Love the free TV. You can watch movies or tv shows. You can track the progress of your flight including altitude and speed.
First JetBlue experience!,Absolutely no complaints with JetBlue! Only difficulty we had was trying to check in at MCO using their kiosks...it didn't work so well! Don't pay $50 for the emergency exit leg room...the leg room in the regular rows is better than most other airlines. The attendants were
Get the extra legroom,Pays to get the extra leg room You also board sooner Book well in advance to get TSA pre-check Enjoy your flight
FIrst Time on JetBlue,First of all a safe flight- I guess thats the most important aspect... the staff and crew were pleasant and professional. The plane was clean and neat- actually had choice of snacks besides just the normal peanuts or pretzels! Even the JetBlue counter people in both MA and MN
JetBlue,Jet Blue has a non stop Ft Lauderdale to Las Vegas at night 6:50PM land at 9. Also a non stop back red eye really the best way to go. They also have same to San Diego. Great flight with inflight wifi and TV great airline try to take when i can for fun and for work
Great service.,The employees on the flight were very personable and made the flight more enjoyable. This is my second time on this route and both have been great. Highly recommend JetBlue.
No frills but great value,"I fly JetBlue regularly. They are no frills but great value. I don't need to be pampered for the three hours I'm in the air, I need to get there. The cost is very reasonable, the boarding smooth and the service is good. I rate their pilots excellent."
Love it!,"As always, I love JetBlue. Not only they have the most comfortable seats, but also a good variety of snacks, and they give you as if it were dinner! Also, the company always refunds with credit for any minor or mayor inconvenience that may happen. In my last trip, I was given: a"
The flight canceling airline!,50% of the flights I’ve booked have been cancelled! Last time I put up with your bs! Once they cancelled for a whole week! Who has money for spare to loose with this airline! Not again! And they don’t want to refund your money so you can take another airline! From now on I’ll be
Wonderful Airline,What a pleasant experience all the way around. We were not originally given seat assignments so the lady at the gate gave us the exit seats which are expansive. The carry-ons were free as were the snacks. The employees were friendly and happy. We will fly JetBlue again.
Great flight!,"I've always had a great experience with JetBlue. Staff is always friendly and accommodating. On this most recent flight (back from Portland to Boston) their televisions were down and there was a loud, entitled family on the plane (not staff's fault as I am sure there isn't too"
Excellent flight!,"This was my 2nd round trip flight with JetBlue. On our way to our destination the flight was very relaxing and the attendants were friendly. On our way back my only complaint was the loud, entitled family on the plane but not the airplane staff's fault."
"Liked the legroom, but...","I was traveling with 3 other people, but they only gave me regular seats for two. I was forced to upgrade to the ""more legroom"" seats for $70 each. Was told that this happened since I didn't book directly from Jetblue's website. I flew 2 round trips with Jetblue in the last 2"
They made me miss my flight.,Nasty customer service. Trying to get on a flight and I was delayed by the security and gate people. No reason other than being rude and disrespectful.
Good cross-country flight,"This was a very nice flight. We hit some unavoidable weather, but the pilot did a nice job navigating us thru it. The live DirecTV is always nice, as are the free movies, etc. The seat had good legroom, although I paid extra for that. The seat cushion was messed up, so I had to"
No complaints,"Had an excellent experience on JetBlue. Service was great from the beginning of the trip to the end. The seats were comfortable, and leg room was average. Each seat had an screen with movies, TV shows, and games to keep you occupied during the flight. The flight attendants were"
Another Very Pleasant Surprise,"Who knew that Jetblue had larger and more comfy seats that our other preferred airline? Timing was wonderful. Trips were quick. Snacks, too."
Almost perfect flight to the DR,"The flight was great--lovely people, good room for overhead bags, lots of snacks and drinks to choose from (and as many as you want!). They also have great in-flight entertainment in the form of movies and TV shows, so don't forget to bring your earbuds. The only hiccup was that"
JETBLUE ROCKS !!!!,"JETBLUE keeps it real close to excellent in cleanliness on time and great service . Plenty of seating choices , real drinks lol, fair food choices . The staff are very informative and my experience very easy to talk with ."
Excellent Leg Room,"I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of leg room on this coach class flight. This by far had more room than other airlines with same class offering. Check-in and other procedures were done nicely, and I would definitely fly again, just for the leg room."
Great Flight!,"My husband and flew JetBlue - directly into PJU and had a GREAT flight. Crew was amazing and the captain did a great job both to and from the island. It was smooth and fast flight, we enjoyed it."
Terrible check-in process,"Had a 6 am flight from Ft. Laud. to LGA in NYC on a Saturday morning. Got to the airport by 4:30am. I saw the chaos the moment I entered the terminal. Huge lines. I made my way to the kiosk to check in. I had no problem printing my boarding pass or the luggage sticker. "
My first Jet Blue Experience,"This was my first trip on Jet Blue and after traveling on Spirit for my last few flights I was expecting a great experience. Now, flights themselves were Perfect, on-time and even got in early, this is all that really matters! Based on the pictures of the inside of the planes"
Disappointed,"This is not our first time using jet blue but instead of getting better they getting worse and worse!! Horrible service, flight attendant Valentine was very rude, mean , she was ignoring passangers requests!! I have no idea how she was hired on this position! She can’t work in"
Thanks for a great Red-Eye experience,"To conclude our California vacation, we took the red eye back to JFK. I was a little nervous as you never know what you are going to get on a flight like this. There was a major delay getting out of SFO, even though our crew was 100% on time. Once we were in the air, the"
Great Flight from JFK to SFO,"For our trip to northern California, we selected a direct flight from JFK to SFO. I am about 6' 4"" and can use as much leg room as possible. Boarding was on-time and orderly. Take-off was delayed to a backup at the airport. I don't blame the airline for this as we were ready"
"A short trip from Boston, Masshusetts to Baltimore, Maryland",My flight was on time both ways and the service was excellent. I waited very little time for my luggage and everything was thoroughly explained to the passengers.
Bumpy ride!,"While this was a bumpy ride everything else was great! The staff were calm and that helped! It left on time, the staff were great and everyone was friendly. We were with a baby and usually they let those with infants on sooner but on this flight they didn't. It didn't make a"
Flight to Hell,"Plane late,poor boarding,plane not clean,bathroom to small,snacks given out to slowly,crew unprofessional"
Terrific flight back to Tampa from Martha's Vineyard on JetBlue,"My wife and I had a terrific flight back from Martha's Vineyard after spending four days on the island. The crew, including the pilot, the copilot and the flight attendants were all top notch. It's a pleasure flying JetBlue - I think they are the best US airline."
We always fly JetBlue,We had a great flight. I watched two movies during the flight for free. Check-in & baggage claim were fine though line was very long in Barbados. Seats are a little tight but okay.
Flights are always full FLL-EWR-FLL,"I generally buy the extra leg room seats. My sister was traveling with me and she had an isle seat but was in the last boarding section. She had to give up her carryon, but when she boarded last she saw several openings for bags near her. It would be nice if the airlines"
Very smooth flight,As the only airline that flies from Curaçao to New York I booked a flight for my visit to New York. It was a very smooth flight. The flight attendant was very friendly and the service in general was great.
Hassle free flights,"I haven't flown on Jetblue for a number of years. I took advantage of online booking, checkin and receiving alerts via text message. The alerts were great, notifying me of a gate change and brief delay to my flights. Boarding, flight and de-planing were uneventful. I watched"
Helpful and Friendly,We were suppose to take a midnight flight from San Francisco to Ft. Lauderdale. However when we attempted to check in with the use of the kiosks it wasn't allowing me. We went to the check in desk and that was where they said the travel agent had made a mistake and that our
My go to airline,"When booking flights for myself and my family I always try to use Jet Blue. They have more leg room (I am 6'5"") and good in flight entertainment. We have flown domestic and international and have had nothing but positive experiences. On my recent return flight from Boston I"
2 YEARS IN A ROW HAVING PROBLEMS IN STEWART,Guys happen again with a lite aggravation but rebooked in nj but drive 3 hours. In the plus side received $50 next flight and $15 for inflight entailment you know adult beverages
FROM FIRST TO LAST,"I travel frequently from LAS to BOS and have taken JetBlue as the only choice of non-stops. For a long time, they were dependable and friendly, if not luxurious. I have had 5 flights in the last two weeks and ALL have been delayed. Not for 15 minutes but for HOURS. This is"
Poor customer service,"Jet Blue says they are ""all about customer service"" - but my husband has been stuck on a plane for nearly 2 hours now sitting in a runway parking lot. They didn't announce anything about the delay until 45 minutes in - said destination airport was closed for a thunderstorm. And"
If have a 2 year old or older do not fly JetBlue other airlines are free.,So delta and United for a 2 year old in Lap is free JetBlue you'll have have to buy a ticket not worth it even if they have cheap tickets
Great Service for Economic Trip to and from Barbados,I really enjoyed my travels between Ft. Lauderdale and Barbados. It’s no wonder the flights have become more popular. Does not break the bank and service is highly recommend with your standard airfare. We will continue to fly JetBlue every time over the other airlines.
Friendly and efficient staff; painless travel,"The cabin crew is unfailingly pleasant and helpful. The planes are clean and (while there could ALWAYS be more leg room) not too cramped. They have a good on-time departure and arrival record. And if you book ahead, it's not too expensive. Round trip BOS/CLE was not oversold"
Tried mint truly first class,"Tried mint. It was a wonderful experence. Full flat beds, private compartments, great service. Was what it is that you hope a flight would be. Given what I got a $900 one way ticket price was well worth it. I just wnated to stay on the plna LOL."
Flight home from vacation,Even though I had a great time in New Orleans the flight back to ft Lauderdale with spirit airlines was ridiculously annoying on every level. It was so refreshing to travel on jet Blue with enough leg room and friendly staff members. Though the flight was short it was
Great airline for short trips,"Never flown JetBlue. Our reservations were made by someone else. Will definitely use them again. Because our second leg of the journey was international, I was not able to get seat assignments on JetBlue. I sent an email to their website customer service, And within 8 hours not"
JetBlue to Boston!,"Had a great flight from Long Beach to Boston and return in July 2018. Trip to visit our daughter, son-in-law, and newest grandchild. Flights were on time and relatively smooth. Decided to check our bags on the return flight - seemed to take quite awhile to get the luggage -"
Always the best!,"Jet Blue is my preferred domestic airline. Always timely, clean & friendly. They always have much more than the standard, unhealthy airplane snacks too. Always bring your earphones as you'll have your own TV/Music system on every flight."
Would rather fly American Airlines and that’s saying something,I CANNOT recommend this airline to anyone!!! First of all our flight was delayed 4 hours. Fine! it happens. Once they finally boarded the plane they sat on the runway for an hour!!!!! We could have made it home in the time that we sat on the runway. The flight attendant were
ok most of the time,For the most part the outbound flight was good - other than a dripping incident above my seat that the flight attendant felt stuffing some napkins in it would take care of it - not really and the inability of the ground crew at LaGuardia being able to get the ramp to the plane
Bad Airline,"I say this is a bad airline cause I do many round trips between these two cities and I am not sure whether the airline crew check what each passenger brings on board and how many carry on etc cause without a doubt, JetBlue forces passengers to give up their carry on and check in"
JetBlue was as usual good.,No surprises with JetBlue. You know what you are paying for where you are sitting. That is just fine with me.
Smooth,"The flight was approximately 3 1/2 hours from New York to Santo Domingo and the flight attendants were very friendly and accommodating. Overall, check-in was a breeze, the seats were comfortable, and the in-flight entertainment was good. Unfortunately, snacks instead of meals"
Humourous and Informative Pilots!,"My fatigue evaporated when the plane took off from JFK and made me forget how tired I was after having already been on a plane for 15 hours. The pilot sounded like an old friend of mine because of the interesting way he kept us abreast of how long the flight would take, etc. "
Solo flight with twin boys!!,"Checking in for the flight: They were extremely helpful with our 2 bags and 2 car seats. While they didn't have car seat clear bags, he told me that they separate them then put individual baggage claim tickets on them. That was perfect. Gate area: We boarded when they asked"
JetBlue Direct to Cancun 771/772,"There is absolutely no other way to fly to Cancun. The flight is over before you know it. If you are flying to Mexico for a relaxing vacation, you want to get there as soon as possible. We always take JetBlue Flight 771 on the way there and Flight 772 on the way back. We also"
"LA to Buffalo delay, delay and uncaring","Arrived at airport in plenty of time. Apparently air crew didn't. Had to wait for them. Then another delay as the toilet was inoperable. Hours later, finally on the way. Thought the least they could do after leaving us sitting in a hot aircraft was offer a free cold beer. "
Family trip 2018,"JetBlue is great and this was trip was no exception. Very easy access at Logan, with fairly moderate wait times for baggage and TSA. The only glitch was that we had no in flight entertainment on the way down. The last few rows of seating, which is where we were, had no TV's. We"
JetBlue all the way!,"I love JetBlue airlines. Even though there are times I can get less expensive flights on other airlines, I go all the way with JetBlue. They are roomier and love the TV's right in front of you. They also have snacks to choose from. If your hungry for a meal there are choices of"
Could have been better,"While I have only flown Jetblue a handful of times, I have to say I wasn't all that impressed. Flying from LIR to JFL recently, we had mutliple flight delays with seemingly no explanation. Gate agents and other JetBlue employees were very kind in the LIR airport and helpful. "
EASY FLIGHT,The ease of flying to and from Bermuda is one of the reasons we frequent this beautiful island. The flight is only 13/4 hours from Boston and is usually on time. The best thing is on the way back you go through customs in Bermuda so that you do not have to do that when you land.
A good experience on Jet Blue,"My flights to and from my destination were on-time; the plane was clean; the flight attendants were pleasant and the snacks were fresh. All in all a good experience. Oh, and they do have a fair amount of leg room in the cheapest seats."
Smooth Flying,JetBlue is amazing! I would highly recommend this airline when traveling to the Caribbean. My flight was on time and i really experienced a smooth flight.which is very important to me.
Pleasantly Surprised,"I had never been on a Jet Blue flight before and was a little concerned. Why did they blow the bigger airlines away?? The staff were super friendly, the cost EXCELLENT, they had better snacks and a smooth ride. I will definitely book a Jet Blue flight again."
Mint is great!,I flew Jetblue’s new flight class called Mint. It was great. I had my own seat that reclined flat so I could fully lay down and sleep or just recline and watch a movie or tv show. They give you some toiletries to take with you and a free bottle of water. You get to order
"Lost baggage, lost respect",Losing a bag is bad enough. Losing a bag before boarding an Alaskan Cruise is traumatizing when each item has been carefully purchased over a 6 month period. This was totally exacerbated by not knowing whether my bag would be delivered along the way and instead of going on
More Room & Amenities,"We flew non-stop from Las Vegas to NYC-JFK. This is our third trip flying with JetBlue. We are seasoned travelers (family of 4). In a nutshell, JetBlue is most consistent with customer service. The seats have a bit more leg room compare to other airlines which is great for my"
New York,we were so happy that Jet Blue has a direct flight from Daytona to JFK New York. We always take this flight better that traveling to Orlando and without all of the hassle of a large airport. Jet Blue staff are always courteous and professional. We upgrade our seats for better
Six hours without inflight entertainment kept it from being the usual greatness,"My preferred airline however in this specific trip was tough without entertainment for a cross-country flight. Crew rebooted once and still didn't work. To their credit, they offered to move me but it was a fairly full flight and would have separated me from my family. "
Another smooth travel experience with Jet Blue,"Preferred airline for travel as they rarely disappoint. Smooth, uneventful, comfortable trip. Was able to board easily with plenty of overhead space. Decent space. Strong entertainment options for the long trip"
Happy with this airline going to New York!,"Last June, our family flew from LA to NY via jetBlue. It was a pleasant experience. Seats were comfortable. Staff were attentive. Meals were served on time. Flight was smooth. Will fly with this airline again in the future."
Great flight,"Spacious seating, great snacks, no turbulence and we got there ahead of schedule I’d fly JetBlue anytime anywhere. Only problem I experienced was that my brand new luggage was damaged when I arrived."
Best airline,The only airline to fly! Best prices and the flight attendants are always nice on this route. Will only fly this airline
Love the flight attendants and their energy,"Other than the tv being off most of the flight, my experience with JetBlue is always pleasant and enjoyable."
Fantastic flight service. Both airports are great to travel to and from!,"I would highly recommend flying into and out of both these airports. Great service, with a great airline. No waiting on either tarmac and flight times were excellent."
I Wish They Were All Like This!,We took a Non-Stop flight on JetBlue from John F Kennedy to San Jose airport in California. It was our first time flying JetBlue. I was amazed at how much room we had in economy class and the staff was amazing. There was a huge storm approaching so we had to sit on the tarmac as
Excellent experience both ways,"JetBlue ground and in air personnel are professional and friendly. Comfortable flights, baggage retrieved quickly. TSA agents leave a lot to be desired.Very inconsistent in how they inspect your carry on. luggage."
Good Flight,Our flight to Orlando from Westchester County Airport was very good. Crew was helpful and we got to our destination on time. Only thing was that the seats were a little dirty but I just took a napkin and wiped it down. Good flight!
"Up, up & Away","Whenever possible I choose JetBlue as my airline of choice. The planes are comfortable, roomy, and clean. The staff, including the flight attendants, are efficient, polite and very helpful. Whenever I have a special circumstance I found that by calling JetBlue directly they"
Love traveling this airline,"We have traveled this airline many times. It always leaves on time, staff is professional and friendly. Our experience has been that Jet Blue puts their customers first."
nice trip,"brand new plane ,still had the smell like a new car, super clean, comfortable seats, great service by flight attendants, good pricing"
Flight cancelled due to crew issues,"We had a party of five departing at 6:50 AM and received notification at 3 AM that the flight was canceled due to a crew issue. JetBlue only offered seats on a flight the following day, which did not work, as our accommodations were not flexible and our vacation was only a total"
Mixed,"Two flights and two different stories. The flight to Orlando was as good as a flight can be. Using Westchester County Airport is most always better than one of the major airports if it makes sense on the trip. The flight loaded early, was remarkably smooth on the ERJ 190 jet"
Flying Jetblue Mint,"I had traveled JetBlue before; but this was the best way to travel i could have hoped for. I figured that since the flight was going to be an early one. I was going to need something to tide me over until I arrived at my hotel;therefore, I decide to upgrade and travel mint. When"
Great flight on jetblie,"I've never flown Jet Blue before but loved the experience. Lots of legroom, bathrooms were clean and the staff was very nice... I will fly Jet Blue again...."
Lost baggage- very helpful,"Nice airline to work with. They lost our luggage, but were very helpful at trying to locate it and get it back to us promptly. They were able to immediately tell us what flight it was on and when it was arriving. Even willing to ship the luggage to our home address. Very"
Good economical choice,"JetBlue is affordable. We purchased the cheapest ticket option. This became a problem when one of our party had to cancel her flight. This accrued a $100 surcharge. Boarding started slightly late, as the plane had to be prepped following the previous international flight. "
JetBlue is my go to airline.,I always try and fly JetBlue a when I can.i was disappointed to find they cut back on some flights and times out of Long Beach to the Bay Area as I fly there often and my time choices are less now. They are friendly and the planes seem tidy. I get early boarding and extra leg
Awesome airline company,"So great. Will always fly JETBLUE if they keep up their great service, clean aircraft, friendly staff, and professional services"
Flight to Boston Delayed,"My flight to Boston was delayed 3 hours and then when I was scheduled to come home from Boston the next day, my flight was cancelled due to weather. I ended up having to drive back to Philly. Not a great experience which stinks because everything else about this airline is grea"
Great Value airline,"I fly JetBlue out of LGB on a regular basis. They have some f the best legroom of any airline. They offer free TV and WiFi and still provide free beverages and small snacks. Whenever I am able, I choose JetBlue!"
May,JetBlue is my favorite airlines - they seem to always be on time - service is great - we love the TVs. Look forward to our next flight.
"Well when it comes to ontime, communication, and seat comfort, they are on par with the Big Boys","Recently flew from RDU to BOS on Jetblue. Generally my impression of JetBlue is a notch above the larger US carriers but my recent experience puts them on par. The seats on the plane were not all that comfy and when the flight was delayed multiple times, the information provided"
Disney,"new tv screens nice upgrade, change in boarding procedure where you are assigned a letter A-C not sure how it works but looked like boarding is split up to have passengers move along quicker."
Birthday Trip,"I booked JetBlue for the return flight for my birthday trip. I was able to get the flight at an excellent price! It was a very pleasant flight. It was a night flight, so it was a bit quiet which was nice. The only issue I had was with my husband's TV. It wasn't anyone's fault,"
Jetblue Flight,I usually fly Jetblue whenever possible. The service is mixed. Sometimes it is excellent and other times not so great. This particular flight was not so great. There were a couple of leftover water bottles in the backseat holders. Also the crew were lackluster with the customer
GREAT REASONABLE MULTY CITY FLIGHT,"excellent multy city flight, friendly service, comfortable, god meal, even a glass of wine. booked it with Expedia"
Flying with jetBlue,Employee was helpful in helping us balance out the weight of our check-in and carry-on bags. Security lines moved smoothly. Flight was on time. We had a bit of turbulence but was good overall.
First Time on this Airline and it was GREAT!,"We were flying JetBlue to Orlando for a Disney Family Vacation. All 8 of us were impressed with the roomy seats, friendly staff and clean aircraft. It was our first experience with this airline and I would highly recommend it! Great pricing as well :)"
Great price,"Great pricing. Fight delayed though, but we landed almost on time. Not bad for a red-eye. Will choose to fly with JetBlue again."
A Class Slightly Above the Others,"I have flown JetBlue for years, and what sets them apart is that they are a single class of service for the whole plane. It is a nice change from walking through First Class and then to coach...the whole plane is economy. This flight was nothing out of the ordinary. Nice"
Above average domestic carrier,"JetBlue provides a superior domestic flying experience, especially compared to legacy and no frills carriers that are its competition. Planes are starting to show age inside, but still my preference when they are flying a route I need to travel."
First Time Flyer,"Jet Blue, was the second airline I have flown on. This was the second part of the flight we took. I did not like the American Airlines flight we took from Phoenix to New York. The JetBlue staff made me feel welcome and re-assured the captain even came out and let me know how"
Our go-to airline for travel to New England,Experience was satisfactory and the ride was comfortable. There was a ground delay upon arrival due to lightning in the Orlando area which delayed baggage receipt for a couple of hours but this didn't have anything to do with JetBlue.
I'm impressed,"This was the first time I've flown JetBlue, and my first domestic red eye. The plane was comfortable and clean, the flight attendants gave us drinks and snacks, and we were given eye masks and ear plugs. I slept well for economy class. It's nice to know there are still some"
Lost Luggage in Iceland,"I started my trip from RDU to JFK with JetBlue, and my final destination was to Iceland (which I did not fly with JetBlue). At RDU, I went check by baggage, and the man behind the counter insisted that he could get my baggage sent from RDU to JFK to KEF without me having to stop"
One of My Favorite Airlines....(but).....,"JetBlue has always been one of my favorite airlines. However, they are getting a little more like ""all the other airlines"" every day. I flew Vegas to JFK on 7/12 and was really disappointed in the way the steward at the front of the plane seemed to be anything but friendly. "
Flight experience,check in at both airports was easy. Jet Blue staff were very helpful and a pleasure talk to. Everyone was very professional and helpful.
JetBlue was the worst flight ever.Horrible experience.Our flight was cancelled 1 hour before our departure.Did not get e,JetBlue was the worst flight ever.Horrible experience.Our flight was cancelled 1 hour before our departure.Did not get a email until I was already in line ready to check in.I will never use JetBlue Airways ever again.Which I could rate it a negative 0!!
caribbean trip,"excellent flight, good attendance, on time nice aircraft, respectful flight attendance, flight departure on time and arrived on time to curaçao, free direct tv in each seat doesn't,t matter if you're flying in economic or upgrade class, I recommenced this airlines."
Flight cancels two hours prior to departure!,What a huge disappointment. I was looking forward to coming home today then I get an alert that my flight cancelled. I saw other airlines still going and didn’t hold back from the little rain showers that came through. They said no more departures for three days. I can’t wait
Leg room and snack,Only a two hour flight after a a six hour flight on a different airline and this was so much better. My husband who is over six foot tall has had long flights with the seat in front of him pushed into his knees but not on JetBlue.
Good experience and decent leg room for coach.,Very good airline overall. Still decent leg room and good service. They do the best overnight flights.
Family Vacation,We flew JetBlue to Cuba and it was well worth it. Last two trips were on a charter and there were tremendous delays as well as disorganization. I will travel again with JetBlue when traveling to Cuba. Everything went smooth and punctual.
Glad to feel human again,I am happy to have a JetBlue credit card and exchange the points for flights to family in Boston. JetBlue is always courteous and treats a person kindly even in bad circumstances. I am a loyal customer and will continue to be so. Now if only they would adopt SouthWest Airlines
frequent delays,"Jet blue is the only carrier with nonstop service from west palm beach florida to white plains ny. Therefore , my choices are limited. Unfortunately, I often experience long delays . This recent trip was a one hour 50 minute delay due to mechanical problems. The was no"
"Always on time, never an issue","I'm always impressed with Jet Blue. There never seems to be an issue with their flights. Usually on time, good leg room, comfortable seats, pleasant attendants. Prices are usually better than other airlines for direct flights. For this particular flight, we were on a brand new"
love their snacks!,"They have the best snacks of any US-based airline. They usually have free entertainment (seatback screens), which is also awesome! I always enjoy flying with them."
Terrible,"Aweful service, stay away from this airline even if its cheap! The ‘customer service’ agents are pretty useless and unhelpful"
"Simple flying, excellent service.","Very organized and on time. When there are delays, Jetblue accomodates clients who are waiting with things to eat and giveaways while you travel."
Love the direct flight,"We’ve flown Jet Blues nonstop to/from Savannah/Boston four times and love it. While one flight was delayed, the majority of the flights were on time. Cabin crews are courteous and there is drinks and snacks. Web site is easy to use. Certainly a better experience than Delta"
Jetting Off on Jet Blue,JetBlue is my airline of choice - I find them to be efficient and consistent. St Martins airport - no fault of JetBlue - still hasn't rebounded from the hurricane but it was OK.
Massive fail by JetBlue. what happened to customer service??,"JetBlue Flight #416/ July 15,2018 Original departure time: 11:38 AM This $50 credit does not begin to address the issues with the overall flight nor the fact that the luggage delay ended up costing me an additional $60 fee from my car service due to the waiting time incurred."
Late again!,"I just used JetBlue for part of my trip. Going they were about 30 minutes late due to a mechanical problem, coming home they were 2 hours late. They blamed weather, but the weather was fine at both ends of the trip and everywhere in between. There were others waiting for an"
Visiting family,Love this airline. The seats are very roomy in front. The stewardess are always ready to serve you with a smile.
Experience of two Handicapped Travelers,From ticketing to flight the service was incredible - With limited mobility all personnel made what could have been difficult very easy..the seats were comfortable and cabin staff helpful. The Tampa staff very very helpful. The staff at BDL less so but it was very late in the
Horrible,Flight was cancelled and delayed. I was stuck here for a total of 2 days. Not only is it inconvenient but expensive. I had to pay for hotel rooms that they don’t reimburse. This is the third time my flight has been cancelled with jet blue. Worst airline ever. Btw the “storms”
Canceled Flight,"I bought my ticket ~1 month in advance and JetBlue canceled it 3 hours prior to departure, without giving any notification as to why. I hadn't been home to see my family for 6 months, and was anxiously awaiting to see them. I ended up having to pay double the price for a ticket"
JetBlue did NOT give me the Blues!!!,"This was only my second time EVER flying in my life and both times that I flew, it was with JetBlue. I've booked flights for my father through JetBlue before, so I do have a bit of experience on that end of the spectrum, if anything. In my opinion, JetBlue is a great airline."
awesome as usual,I fly with JetBlue every time I visit my family in Puerto Rico. This airline to me has always been the best. Never had a problem with it.
Comfortable economy,"We had a great trip , there is definitely more legroom , staff were friendly and courteous and food was tasty . We found security was straightforward and timely, we have one more internal flight before we fly back to Australia and we will definitely fly with JetBlue"
NY to Seattle pre cruise flight,The flight took off right on time. We had gotten the extra legroom seats. Nice to have on a flight over 3 hours. They served drinks and snacks and then announced that there would be a help yourself drink and snack station set up in several locations on the plane. Allowed
Best airline,Once a month usually I do travel in the U.S. or international and I do it with jetblue. Everyone from the ticket counter agent to the flight attendants are extremely professional. They are there to assist you when in need of help. I would not flight with anyone else. When the
"Quick flight made very simple, comfortable, even fun","Flight attendant was friendly, even quite humorous, and service was good. Seats were comfortable, better than most economy. Boarding, exit, and baggage delivery were all quick and on time. All you could ask for. Plenty of space for carryons overhead even on a full flight."
A short convenient flight.,We left on a Sunday and returned on a Wednesday. Because of this we had avoided the weekend rush. The flight was uneventful and the staff on the ground and on the plane were courteous and helpful.The seats are comfortable and leg room is ample. Check in was easy and without
Mosaic Member,"My family and I have been traveling through JetBlue the past 6 to 8 years, we would not use any other airline in the country. The service is exceptional, the planes are very clean, currently I am a mosaic member, believe me I enjoy my free drinks on board, priority boarding and"
Nice flight,Very nice flight. The airplane was very clean and staff was friendly and efficient. Good TV show and movie selection. Will fly Jet Blue again.
Terrible,Absolutely worst experience of our lives. Flight kept being delayed and moving gates all over the airport. Customer service non existent. Stuck in airport for 8 hours then we load plane and they keep us on the plane another hour saying they have a paper work issue. Worst
Not musician friendly,"I stopped flying JetBlue 10 years ago when they hassled me on my musical instrument, which easily fits in the overhead. I tried them again and will not fly with them for another 10 years. Any musician that does not fly Southwest is crazy. I have never had a hassle with them."
Excellent,Everything was perfect. Not a single complaint. Excellent service from the begining to the end. The pilot kept us informed from the time the airplane took off until its landing. Great job.
Great Airline,"The check-in was fast and efficient. When we got on board the plane, the plane was okay in size (A320) and their food and drink was amazing. Many different choices and I'm pretty sure they all tasted amazing because mine (The Iced Tea) was awesome but a little bit too sweet. The"
I've been wowed!,"We had flown on jetBlue on the way to Costa Rica and AA on the way home. Let me tell you, I was much more impressed (and likely to choose over AA) with jetBlue. From check in to reaching our final destination I was extremely pleased. Everyone we encountered was polite and"
Boston to Seattle direct!,"Better than imagined, i'd heard the hype. From coworkers, friends, family etc. but this really did make us probably JetBlue only flyers for the next few years. They accommodated us beyond what we thought, and honestly the flight was just a good experience. Allowed us to do a"
My favorite budget friendly airline,"I’ve been flying JetBlue for years. I’ve never had a problem with them. The seats are relatively comfortable, there’s free movies and tv, and they usually leave and arrive on time."
Efficient,"Check-in, boarding and flight was smooth, efficient and without drama. Only problem tv's not working properly. A good no-nonsense airline !"
Love Jet blue,"Planes are always clean and modern. Friendly staff, roomy seats. Quick flight MCO to JFK on Airbus. JFK side love the JetBlue terminal lots of shops and restaurants. Easy way to spend time if any delay."
Timely and professional,"Before i booked the airlines, i wasn't sure of how good the airlines is wrt timeliness, service etc. But, from the time of ticket booking until boarding the aircraft, it was easy and managed well. I got emails indicating a delay of 1 minute, which i thought was very"
JetBlue Mint is Great - refreshed after cross country twice,"I really enjoyed two flights recently on JetBlue Mint ... One to Seattle and the other to San Francisco both from Boston ! The layout is great and the first class seats fantastic. The fully lie-flat seats are more like cubbies, and the “artisanal” dining options are terrific."
Trip to Boston,Another great non stop flight back to Boston. Both outbound and inbound flights were early...about 1/2 hour. We flew up over July 4 for a wedding an stayed north of the city with daughters. Great flight....great service. Only minor issue is that that tv don’t always work
Very good flight,Brand new plane with lots of legroom and good inflight entertainment for free. Bigger screens than we had on a 15 hour flight back to Cape Town with another airline Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. We would definitely fly Jet Blue again when in the USA
Jet Blue Flight Experience,My family and I enjoyed our flight to Orlando. This was our first time flying on Jetblue. Although the plane seemed to be older than expected we were pleased to find out that there was more seating space for each passenger than on other airlines that we have flown on. We got to
A Quick and Comfortable Flight,"Flew Jet Blue up to Boston for a business trip. The flight took about ninety minutes and it all went smoothly. The boarding process went okay. I guess they don't back to front anymore. When the drink service came by, I requested tea and got a cup of hot brown water but no"
if I can help it I only fly JetBlue!,I almost exclusively fly this airline! Sometimes I will drive a pretty far distance when I arrive at the airport to drive to my destination. I could've taken any other airline to get closer to my destination but my preference is JetBlue!
"Cancelled 3 times for a variety of reasons, Airline and Staff were amazing!","We were supposed to fly to D.C., but our flight was cancelled due to weather. We were given vouchers for a room, food and cabs. Came back the next day for another flight, only to be cancelled again. Again we were given vouchers. Because the next flight would have put us behind"
Flying on July 4th,"We always prefer JetBlue when flying, but one of the most pleasant flights I have ever taken was an early evening flight on July 4th from Charlotte to JFK via JetBlue. The plane was not even close to full, we left early and arrived before schedule (to an incredible view of"
Flight To JFK,"Flew to JFK to visit our son in Manhattan. Nice plane, ok leg room and inflight entertainment. Only complaint was Screen kept going in and out but overall a good experience and would fly them again"
LEG ROOM!!!!!,"Leg room! Our knees had space, we can't believe it! We are all tall, so that has always been been a problem, even more so when the person in front of you reclines his seat. Not so on Row 2, both up & back, LOVED it! Plane had 3 seats on each side, know nothing other than"
"Not my First Choice, but my Employer booked it","First time on Jet Blue, my employer booked this airfare for a work trip. They're a step above Spirit, but still not my first choice when flying. The flight was comfortable and the staff friendly."
Great flight and service,I have come to love JetBlue for their pricing and service. Their “even more room” seats are great for a big guy like me. Having non-stop service to Reagan-National is a plus because I go up to DC 4-5 times per year. The only negative I have (and it’s with all airlines) is the
Uneventful,"Jet Blue is generally fine, with comfortable blue leather seats and good inflight entertainment. It is much better than American Airlines, for example; if a choice between the two, choose JetBlue."
JetBlue gave me the blues!,My husband and I booked a flight from Logan Airport to Montego Bay Jamaica I had checked in when I got my email and paid for bags and more legroom seats. When we arrived at JetBlue it was fairly crowded and I was happy to have had everything set all I should of had to do was
I Love JetBlue,"I used to have a job where I traveled a lot, and I will tell you - for the value, I love flying JetBlue. One of the few airlines where I don't feel like my legs have been amputated from the leg room, to the friendly service, to the entertainment - they do a great job for economy"
JetBlue Excellent as ever,"Overall this was a great trip like before on Jetblue, the only drawback was the seats were not clean enough and during the flight some small particles that were cold to touch, kept falling off from the panel just above my seat which was really annoying."
Flight Cancellation,"We usually love jet blue - but this particular time we are definitely not happy with the services. When we were at POP airport, we were ignored and told our flight was canceled after 3 hours of waiting. I understand that this happens, but we were evacuated from the airport with"
Catering Issue????,"Constant Companion and I were travelling to the ""burgh for our annual family reunion. There are fewer direct flights than there used to be but Jet Blue has the most. As the choices diminish so has the service, although Jet Blue again is probably one of the better domestic"
"Jet Blue, hands down favorite.",Had a couple of Jet Blue flights today; THE friendliest and genuinely nicest people work for Jet Blue. They moved my seats closer to the front to accomodate my being in a foot cast. They argued good-naturedly about who could push the wheelchair for me. The flight attendants were
Friendliest flight attendant ever!,"I fly JetBlue to Boston frequently. My most recent trip in June was delightful. The flight attendant, Jermaine, greeted every passenger as they boarded and thanked them for choosing Jet Blue. His service throughout the flight was friendly, kind, thoughtful and beyond"
Bad Experience,"Bad JetBlue. Purchase a ticket from San Juan to Albany with a stop in FLL. First leg delayed. They claim weather (July 1st!!!). They do not want to refund and the only alternative was to fly to NYC, Boston or Newark. All of them required a 3 h trip either in car or train. I try"
JetBlue has officially gone from good to horrible,"JetBlue has become a horrible airline to fly with. I used to really like flying with them since they were one of the only airlines that didn't try to nickle and dime you. They would just charge one price, sometimes high, but it was worth it. On this four and a half flight"
great experience,"Easy to get boarding passes and fast check in with luggage.1 cabin bag and a personal bag is free,and the 1st check in bag $25. Flight was on time and cabin crew are very friendly. Overall a good experience. Some people took advantage off the cabin luggage and had really big"
Flight to NYC Broadway,NIce flight with a friendly crew. It is what I am coming to expect from JetBlue. It was on time and clean. The return flight 832 arrived 20 minutes early. I would suggest going into JFK rather than LaGuardia because the ground transportation is very limited.
super flight experience,was expecting a320 got a 321 was very pleased airline staff was great plane super check in staff was very helpful I am disabled tsa was a breeze
Always good service,"I have been flying JetBlue pretty much since they began service to and from NYC. Despite the occasional mishap, they stand out among their competitors, and they are my airline of first choice. I was a frequent business traveler for several years, and I find that JetBlue is much"
EXCELLENT AIRLINE!!! LOVE JETBLUE,"There are several reasons why JetBlue is the best airlines in United States. 1) The simpleness of booking: JetBlue website and App make it very easy to book a flight or flights with either Cash or Points. Also, when when you are booking you can select for JetBlue to notify you"
Easy Travel,Our family of 10 had A very smooth flight and airport experience. Love JetBlue!!! Service with a smile. Comfortable seating
Orlando Flight to WDW,"great airline, I never have an issue flying with them. I suggest you book the seat with more space and leg room."
First Time JetBlue,"This was our first time flying with JetBlue. Two things come to mind: 1) there was very little communication at the gate. We weren't informed timely about a delay until we were on the plane. 2) The seats and crew were marvelous once we were aboard. In addition, I lost an"
Jetblue disappointed at baggage claim,The flight was fine but we needed to wait 50 minutes at baggage claim. No one from Jet Blue would provide any reason or direction this creates an issue for regressive i requested.
Never Disappoint!,"JetBlue is amazing!! It was the first time I flew with the kids and they were just as great as when I fly alone for work. They are my fave to fly for business. Always my first choice, if the flight I need is available. When flying direct from Aruba, they were so"
Family Trip 2018,"This was our first time flying Jet Blue! I can honestly say that we will always fly with them in the future, if possible. We had a layover in Fort Lauderdale, so we had 4 flights altogether! Our flight was delayed a bit, but they kept us informed of every detail. The service was"
Comfortable,"The flight was smooth sailing except for a little turbulence. I believe that was due to a storm earlier. The flight attendants were great. The seats were very comfortable, did not feel like you were in a can of sardines."
Short flight that took a long time,"We had comfortable seats, the plane had clearance to take off, but a door under the plane wasn’t well shut and we were stalled and had to be towed back to the gate because the problem couldn’t be solved on the tarmac. After the repairs were done, we took off, very relieved to"
My favorite airline,I been flying JetBlue for more than 10yrs and like them very much..... have had some delays thru the yrs but always a hassle free flight.
Good flight,The flight was good & comfy. Only sad part was we got our bags after three days. But they were good enough to send it to our house.
Any flight the goes smoothly is a good flight,All domestic flights are no frills now so my expections are very low. Since everything went smoothly then it was a good flight. Jet Blue actually passes out chips and pretzels and came around twice with drinks! I also like the blue lights over our seats. The lights were very
Not as good as I remembered,"About ten years ago I used Jetblue monthly from Tampa to NYC and it was my favorite airline. Then I moved and haven't used it since until Grenada. The Direct TV didn't give many movie options, and I don't really watch TV. For one flight there was just one movie in two languages."
DELAYED FOR 2 HOURS,My 3 kids and i wanted to take the last flight from Olrando to enjoy our last day there. The flight was scheduled to leave 955pm and i kept getting about 4 alerts of being delayed. At one point is was delayed to 1250am. They brought it back to 1150 but with young children..
Great!,"Flight was delayed over an hour, delayed our process of course to what needed to be done that day upon landing. Secondly there was a flight attendant female on the plane I didn't get her name however if you seek the flight and date. SHE WAS AWESOME! Caring and understanding"
Suprise.....delayed again,It's only fitting that my return trip on jet pew is delayed...the board says on time but someine told me it was delayed so I asked the counter person if it was.on time she referred me to the board and I told her that I knew she was.lying then she blamed the airport then finally
Aruba trip,Everyone was nice. We left on time and arrived early. Luggage was out quickly. Flight attendants made frequent trips down the isle.
great flight,to begin i left out jfk because i hate united even though i live near newark jet blue has so many more options than united and jfk is alot cheaper the flight was great and the seats are roomy and if u didnt know jet blue travel is great u can book everything rite through them
Great experience,"Plenty of leg room, complimentary snacks and drinks and could even watch semi finals of the world cup! What a great airline ! Would definitely recommend and plan on flying with them again! Best domestic airline"
Very good flying experience.,Very good direct flight from Syracuse to Orlando. We have flown this a couple times and it is more convenient for us to go direct and the cost isn't bad. The plane was full but the flight was comfortable and uneventful.
Another Great JetBlue Flight,"Great ,on time ,love the flight attendants.This airline continues to excell in its customer service much more so than it’s bigger,bloated and fee happy competitors like American and United which I swore I would never fly again"
First Timer on Jet Blue,"First time flying on JB. Checked in at the counter. Agents were very friendly and helpful. In-flight crew and pilots were again, very friendly and attentive. I like their procedures for when a pilot leaves the cockpit to use the restroom. I was in row 6, legroom and seat were"
Great Direct Flight,"Smooth flight, direct no stops and the seats were comfortable. Drinks and snacks were served. This was a late night flight and was quiet. We like to spend the extra and take the direct flight but the price wasn't bad."
Always a good flight.,I am always satisfied when I fly JetBlue. Even in Economy I am comfortable. I was lucky to get an isle seat on the full flight. The service is always great.
Great customer service - very friendly and helpful,Everyone was friendly and helpful. We had some confusion over something on the website and the people at JetBlue were very helpful and even helped us get a better deal.
Good entertainment & decent seat,"Busy flight, but courteous service and attitude. Unexpected and unexplained delay just as we boarded and ready for departure. Full seatback entertainment system available for each passenger (movies, shows & music) just need compatible headphones. Seat comfort was acceptable, but"
"Good value, decent flight.",This is the second time I've used JetBlue and there is really nothing I could complain about. The fare was very competitive and they provided a direct flight from NY to Phoenix. They boarded and departed on time. the pane was reasonably clean. The coach seats were a tad more
Finally to Fll to STI,So happy Jetblue finally started service from FLL to STI I had been trying to go for a bit and was not thrilled with AA as they fly out to late for me.. flight is under 2 hours and staff was super nice. I do have one complaint there were no charging units under the seats so your
Very good Flight with great customer service,"Great customer service from in flight attendants, Very attentive to customers needs. Good snacks and inflight entertainment services"
It was good,"It was an older model plane, smaller. So there was only two seat on either side of the aisle. Plenty of leg room. No first class, I liked that cause we could use bathroom at the front. Overhead space was small, had to put bags in sideways, but there was enough space or the"
Great flight,Flight was on time. Staff was attentive and courteous. I like jet blue bc there is plenty of leg room and the seats are comfortable
ONLY AIRLINE I FLY,"I fly with them all of the time! The new A321s are so cool! Great service, snacks, entertainment. You get your own TVs! They board quickly which is great. You arrive to your destination on time or even a little earlier! They get you there as quick as possible."
Something was wrong?,"I need to be clear, my wife and I love travel in jetblue services. The last evening trip was rare. It was the first time that the personnel on board shown us tire mood, like didn't work that day. We fool on the safety instructions, they talk very quickly and it was very"
Jetblue for life.,JetBlue definitely must appreciate having hands down the two best flight attendants I've ever encountered during my many years of flying. Robert and Rita reign the skies for their over the top customer service. It blew my mind when I was boarding the plane making my way down
Flight Late,The flight was 1.5 hours late. It took about a half hour to check in bags. The woman that helped me check in my bags was very pleasant. The stewardess was annoyed when I asked what they had for juice. Told me it's in the brochure. The price of the flight was better than other
jetBlue Mint Equals Self-Care,"When I began planning my trip to Las Vegas for a conference I decided to splurge and experience jetBlue's Mint service. I kept a careful eye on the calendar, checking jetBlue's website regularly to see when I could book for July 2018. As a dedicated introvert, I wanted one of"
"No Frills, But a Very Good Value","jetBlue does a very good job covering the basics: on-time performance, friendly cabin crew, nice selection of free snacks and beverages. I think the extra $ for more leg room, first on, first off is more than worth it. Overall, good value for the money paid. Compared with others"
Tiny planes and rude service,I was very disappointed in Jetblue. The plane was very small and had no place for overhead baggage. we were a party of 6 and we had no place for even 1 carry-on. the staff in the airport was very rude to us. When we landed at JFK we were left waiting in the plane because the
BEST airline experience. Every time.,"When I am able to fly jet blue within cost range of other airlines I always choose JetBlue. Love the level of service, the friendliness of staff (everyone seems to love their job) and menu offerings on flight as well as in flight entertainment! I find flight to DC and FL"
great customer service. a gem,"Flying to and from fort meyers was a breeze with this airline. The seats are comfy and there is a focus on customer service which seems to be dying in the airline business. The staff looks you in the eye, is geniunly helpful and understanding. I would fly jetblue exclusively"
"Normal airline, but not the best.","The usual airline. A month has flown 4 times. 3 flights were delayed for 1 hour. One time was delayed for 5 hours, not because of the weather. Other planes were flying on schedule. Clean plane, free Internet, TV."
Jet Blue Flight was a very good experience,Jet Blue was just fine.BUT they Switched us to silver airline from Ft. Meyers to Freeport.They are the WORST airline we have ever flown.on our return flight they rere delayed 2 hours comming into Freeport.Mechanical problem.When they landed they were escorted from runway to
"Paying for the ""extra leg room"" seat is worthy","I have flown in JetBlue before, regular seats, and found those seats are not too confortable. Since I was taking a red eye flight, I decided to get the more legroom seat and it was absolutely worthy paying the additional fee. I've never experienced delays or cancelations. The"
Pay a bit more and go with someone else!,"Worse customer service ever experience not once but twice. Headed out to Boston, we missed our flight due to the rail system broke at O’hare (granted JetBlue is not at fault for this). I arrived to the counter 2 hours later because we were moved to a shuttle that took us on the"
Relusvr,"I have been flying JetBlue for over 15 years now and they are consistently th most reliable airline. Courteous Flight attendants. They could use some better snack choices, but that is my only compl"
Nice,"My first time flying Jet Blue. The staff and Captain was friendly. The plane was clean and spacious. The boarding was quick (I was on a sold out plane). I had options to choose my seat, my party of 3 had carryon luggage(no charge). My son forgot his earphones and they give him"
Bedt domestic airline,"We have taken this fight in the past and it was just as good. First of all, Daytona Beach Airport is a pleasure to fly to/from. No traffic, in fact, as you drive up the road to the terminal you wonder if it's open - no more than a car or two on the entry road. The long term and"
JetBlue to Boston From JFK,"JetBlue Air's service from JFK to Boston is rather neat, clean and tidy. Using EMB-190 equipment, slightly smaller than its mainline Airbus A-320s, the entire process is a reminder of air travel used to be. THe boarding process is a bit lengthy but is handled well. The"
Top Airline,How can you not like an airline that offers extra leg room? plus each passenger having there own direct TV screen makes flying a little more enjoyable for people like myself who dont exactly enjoy flying
Always a pleasure to fly JetBlue,"We always enjoy flying JetBlue primarily because of the helpful,friendly attitude of all their personnel.Our last flight was delayed one day and rerouted because of a snow storm. They gave us 24 hours notice and made the extra time on the rerouted flight as pleasant as possible."
Who put the fun back in flying?,The Jet Blue experience can be described as fun back in the skies. We arrived at our gate a bit early and were happy to see a real live person. I had surgery on a Out in between the time I bought our tickets and the day we were flying. Needless to say my seat was incorrect if
Always a great experience,"Every time I fly jet blue, it’s a great experience. The attendants and pilots are very professional. And courteous"
Rudolph at the JetBlue Terminal in Aruba is the best!,"Having never been through the departure process in the Aruba airport, luckily we were greeted by Rudolph at the JetBlue departure counter. What a great guy! He explained the customs process very clearly and was so happy and friendly! What a doll!"
JetBlue Surprisingly Good,"We purchased cheap airline tickets from Australia and we were unsure if the airline would be as bad as our Australian equivalent, JetStar. It was so much better. The seats were wider with more leg room. The staff on and off the plane were very polite and helpful and the flight"
Best airline,"I must say I love to fly JetBlue... it never fails customer service, pilots, overall service is wonderful, I usually never have a problem, leaving Florida no issues perfect in every sense. Leaving New York staff was nasty and changed me and my grandson’s ticket to the back of"
Great flying experience,"JetBlue normally provides a great flying experience for me and my family of 4. We've never had any problems with service. All seats are comfortable. And we enjoy the on board entertainment choices (WiFi, DirecTV). JetBlue used to provide a more aggressive price for round trip"
Another delay ....better service,Coming home from Florida and a typical Florida afternoon rainstorm turned into a monsoon. We were delayed for 3hrs in a crowded airport but thankfully the flight and deck crew kept everyone informed and provided snacks while waiting to board and finally get home.
Friendly service + Leg room!,"On time, friendly staff, more leg room than expected (especially compared to other “inexpensive flights” on other airlines."
"Smooth, pleasant, polite.","Took JetBlue from Boston to Nashville for a conference, and then back again a week later. Both flights were comfortable. Attendants were very concerned with comfort and well-being of passengers. Seats were very comfortable, as was the air flow and general on-board"
This airline has heart,Jet blue is probanyl one of my favorites. It has that butiqie feeling to it where you feel like they do carr about giving you the best possible exprience. Highly recomend.
Great Flight,"Great flight that was on time. Easy check in, fast security line. Boarding was easy and went fast for a change. Friendly flight attendants."
Flying is flying,"Flying is flying, still the fastest and safest mode of transportation. JetBlue made my trip uneventful and right on time. What else can you ask for?"
My Favourite Airlines in the States,"It was my second time flying on JetBlue. My only choice of airlines when I travel within the United States of America simply because of the friendly crew, personal inflight entertainment system, complimentary wifi and unlimited drinks and snacks onboard. Absolutely value for"
Vacation,"No Delays, flight was on time. Direct tv working on both flights. crew members polite and helpful. Enjoy the snacks."
Iceland trip,"I flew from FLL-JFK-KEF. Jetblue is the best! They are so helpful from every point of your travel. Although Jetblue does not fly directly to Iceland, it was part of my trip as i traveled to JFK. Great experience. The best in the industry"
Better Flight Than Last Time,"No issues at all on this flight or the return. On time, polite professional crew and the Directv actually worked both ways."
Overall a great service,I have travelled a lot on JetBlue. The staff are always friendly and helpful. Prices are always quite competitive. They distribute unlimited snacks and soft drinks/water/coffee and tea. I would recommend JetBlue
"Decent flight, but multiple delays","The flight was delayed multiple times making our arrival in Phoenix quite late. The seating was fine, extra leg room, but not extra seat room. The entertainment was good, movies, music and TV available. Snacks and drinks were only delivered once which made it hard when not"
second time flight late,"this flight have a problem the flight is suppose to depart at 9 pm but the crew come from other city of usa and depart approximately 2 hrs later later very uncomfortable situation so i am not recommended cat this time , the airline allow too many hand luggage and packages"
JetBlue flight,"JetBlue advertises that they have the roomiest seats in coach. It’s true; comfortable with plenty of legroom. Unless you are very tall, there is no need to buy the extra “even more room” option. Flights in both directions left on time."
Jetblue mint superior experience,Finally got a chance to try jetblue mint which is their version of luxury first class with lay flat seats. Great experience. You can really adjust your seat to fully lay flat. First time I actually fell asleep on a flight. The food service was truly wonderful. Sourced locally
Awful fight attendants,I went to the bathroom & flight attendant brought out her cart and refused to let me back to my seat. I waited 20 minutes for her to serve everyone else before I could sit down. She was extremely rude to say the least.
Flawless travel with JetBlue,"This was a fantastic first experience flying JetBlue roundtrip between Orlando and Cancun. EVERYTHING was easy and efficient - great website functionality and ease of use, good communication, text alerts, check-in kiosks prevented lines, friendly and courteous staff, flights"
Alwlays Enjoy Flights,I recently began travelling with Jetblue. I had been travelling with American Airlines for many years from MIA to KIN but finally decided to travel to FLL so I can have other options besides travelling with the expensive AA. I have nothing but good things to say about JetBlue.
Jet blue flight,"Excellent service, extra leg room, easy boarding and check in process. The flight attendants were courteous and the captain kept us very informed throughout the flight. Free DirectTv and WiFi was a definitie plus over the other major airlines"
Good flight with JetBlue from DCA to CHS,"On the return flight from DCA to CHS, I was able to sleep. We liked the experience with JetBlue as the seats were comfortable and had good legroom, the snacks were good and the entertainment offered on the screen was good too. We'll fly again with JetBlue."
Good flight CHS - DCA,"Uneventful flight Charleston to Washington DCA. Flight was comfortable as seats had good legroom, hostess offered good free snacks and soda, and live TV on the screen was available. Some turbulence while flying into the clouds and some people screamed, but all was safe after"
Direct and On Time,"Took a very early morning flight from JFK to PUJ. If you think the airport won't be crowded since its 5:30 AM, think again. Jet Blue has many flights that leave early in the AM and the airport is packed at that time. Seats were clean, flight was on time. Service was fine. "
"Jetblue, MAN!","I love Jetblue. I fly them as much as possible. The planes are spacious. The crew is friendly. From the baggage drop until arrival at destination, each Jetblue employee was helpful. Plane was clean. Both washrooms= front + back = clean. The snacks were good. Overall,"
Nice Flight,Nice flight trip and friendly staff. Comfortable seating. Very good snacks and drinks. Wish to have the closed captioned TV for Deaf customers.
Above average Airline,"JetBlue flies non stop from Dallas to Boston. The seats are comfortable, legroom is a little tight, TV monitor on every seat back is nice, snacks and beverages are typical airline snacks, and since the advent of baggage charges, over head bin storage has gotten sparse, so we"
No charging ports?,"The whole setup is alright except the charging ports, oh wait, there are none! At least be a tad bit more modern..."
Smooth flight,"Airline kept me updated via email re gate changes, etc. Short flight, very smooth. Great air crew. Good snacks, efficient service. I didn’t have checked baggage."
Late and lousy,"Glad we decided to stay overnight in Boston before our international flight. JetBlue was 2 hours late departing with no reasonable explanation. So we spent the time next to the porta-potty, while we waited for updates that did not materialize. They also wanted to make sure that"
Bueno,Good flight to Orlando. The crew members were just ok. The flight itself was on time and good. The return was not good. Was delayed and when we got inside there was a terrible WC smell. I guess that they did not clean enough as they were late which is unacceptable.
Nice flight,"I have never flown with Jet Blue before and was somewhat not expecting much but I was wrong. From the staff at the counter to the flight crew, Jet Blue was pretty good. Being it was a short flight, I really didn't expect too much. They give you the usual snacks and drinks"
OK,"Not enough overhead storage. Asked for volunteers to check bags. As with all airlines, seats are cramped. Crew is nice enough."
Dr,I had a flight booked for myself and my 2 boys to fly from Fort Lauderdale to at 6 am on the 6July 2018. I checked in and went through security where they found a shampoo bottle that was too large. I was then escorted out by a TSA official and my kids were left unattended. The
"Fying With A ""Discount Airline"" Doesn't Have To Mean Horrid Experience","With Expectations properly set by both myself & the airline (though sadly not in conjunction with each other), the experience was a decent one. It's weird (to me anyway) how a little thing like the in-flight ""brochure"" outlining the airline's guiding principles & approach to"
Great flights to and from Turks and Caicos,Two very pleasant flights to and from Turks and Caicos. We were about 20 minutes early arriving in Turks and a full half hour early getting back to NY....
Wedding travel with the best!,"We flew JetBlue bother to and from Mexico. One of the best airlines there is!!! The crew was beyond kind, professional, sweet, and accommodating. The flight itself was smooth and quick. The aircraft both ways was new, clean, with tv screens on each seat. The crew knew we were"
Worse than before,Posted a review earlier after 2 delays and a gate change....now it's 3 delays 2 gate changes and 2 plane changes due to mechanical problems one after boarding and sitting for 30plus minutes cause the engines wouldn't start...that inspires some confidence in the fleet .....this
Atlanta to Boston,Seats are comfortable and it seemed to have more legroom. Flight from Atlanta was delayed for maintenance and I feel they probably should have delayed it more for all the noise during the flight. I've never heard such noise on a plane and I was thankful for landing. Return
Worse than spirit,So far 2 delays and a gate change and it's not even 9 o'clock yet...no information except the new gate number...Last time I flew on jet pew it was the same story delay after delay....Jet blue has gone down the tubes...it's nice getting to the airport before the sun comes up and
efficient and comfortable as always,9 out of 10 we are very pleased with Jetblue. Infact on the way home they had us in their newest aircraft with the first class section that had screens as big as a computer. We sat in the next section very comfortable. great airline!!
Pleasantly surprised with this airline.,"This airline has recently added inches to each seat area and I have to say for the first time in a long time, I didn't feel like I was sitting in a sardine can. The flight crew was pleasant and helpful and the flight pretty smooth. Most importantly, it left and arrived on time."
Terrific Airline,JetBlue is the way to go domestically. I've flown from Dulles to JFK a few times and have always had a most pleasant experience ... at a great price.
Surely the best domestic airline... if only they flew to Europe!,"By default, JetBlue wins the ""best domestic airline"" award in my book. JetBlue alone among airlines, in my experience, is interested in being courteous to their customers. Their crowd control is quite good. Good in-flight entertainment (bring your own headphones to avoid paying"
Only snacks for an 8 hour flight,On a flight from the west coast we missed the opportunity to buy small dinner boxes because the flight attendant quietly walked down the aisle offering to sell blankets and pillows and oh yeah food . By the time we realized what had happened all the food was sold out. We will
Best Airline,I have never been disappointed in flying Jetblue. This time I upgraded my seats and was very please with the room I had. The flight was not full so my husband and I had a row to ourselves which was very nice. Super friendly staff.
Vacation time,"Second time using Jet Blue to fly to the Caribbean. Service from checking in to arriving at our destination was great. Plane was clean even though it was a turn around flight, in-flight crew was pleasant and helpful."
Would’ve been 5 stars if we weren’t delayed,"Good amount of leg room in economy, nice variety of free snacks and beverages. Flight to fll was on time, arrived early actually. Flight back to Cleveland was delayed because the flight crew wasn’t there."
Worst airline ever. Do not recommend ever,Zero was not an option so forced to pick 1. So I normally would not post but feel important for all to know. I travel a lot for a living and this last experience on jet blue has made me realize they are not the one to use. I will never ever use again. I booked back in March a
"Excellence in safety, service, and comfort. My first-choice domestic airline.","jetBlue continues to be my first choice in domestic airlines. That's saying a lot, because I used to work for one of their competitors! My most recent trip JFK-JAX lived up to my expectations. This is an excellent domestic product. I almost always purchase an upgrade to Even"
Always Jetblue,"If possible I always try to fly JetBlue, it has the most leg room and they are mostly always on time. I also love the fact that each seat has a Television it makes the flight go by a lot quicker. The only problem I had was printing the bag tags the machines were not working"
My favorite domestic airline,Jet Blue is he airline I would use when I travel in he US(mostly from NY TO Florida)Their seats are roomier than most and their staff is great.They have no business class in the planes I have been on but feel charging for extra really m seats is unfair(even though I often do
JetBlue is the way to fly!,"Love JetBlue. Had a great flight, The entire crew was fantastic. JetBlue does a great job of selecting the flight crew. I love that they are not stingy with the snacks or beverages. Plenty of room in all the seats. Was a fantastic flight both to and from the bahamas."
Always a pleasant experience,Jet Blue is always a pleasant experience. The seats are so comfortable and I love that each passenger gets a TV. On the way home the Captain made sure we didn’t hit a storm so he took a detour. I thought that was really considerate since the passengers don’t really enjoy
SAA and JetBlue flights,We flew with Saa from Johannesburg to New York. Direct flight of under 15 hours. Had a stopover of longer than 12 hours. We landed at terminal 4. Even though our bags were tagged to Orlando we had to collect our bags. As you pass customs to exit around the corner you can drop
Mint Class all the Way!,This was our first time flying Mint Class with Jet Blue. It was awesome. We had Javier as our Flight Stewart. He was wonderful. You have so much room. Well worth the money. The food was very enjoyable. The TV screen is very large for an airplane. The Mint Refresher Drink was
BEST SERVICE,"Great Service, super friendly and caring staff, skilled pilots (usually my baby have a scream session due to fright every time we have to land) I would recommend Jet Blue to parents with infants , best landings ever! and the staff actually checked up on my little one to make"
the best!,"Wish all airlines were this good. Good service at counter even with a weather delay! lovely flight attendants, good service and clean plane. The most amazing feature was the comfortable seat and leg room! In the other airlines you feel trapped."
Wonderful,"Loved the entertainment center, TV or Sirius radio, It made the trip go by so much faster and I was really dreading the long trip, but this made it go by so much faster. And they allow you to have more snackes if needed."
So far so good,"I have been using Jetblue for years, and I honestly have no complaints. Great service, great staff, skilled pilots (some of the best landings ever!... & I've been traveling since I was 6) and last but not least friendly and kind flight attendants. Thank you."
2 1/2 hour flight took 8 hours,Due to extreme weather in the east our 10:30 am flight was an hour delayed for take off. Then flying for about 3 hours and waiting for a clear from Newark we did not have enough fuel and had to land in Richmond VA. Thankfully we were allowed to leave the plane for about an
mint,we travelled mint class jet-blues first class and it was fantastic .lay flat beds your own pod loads of room .if you only do it one its well worth the extra but i will be doing it again
1st time flying JetBlue and LOVED it,"This was my first time flying JetBlue and it was pretty much as good as a flight experience could get. I was visiting a friend in San Diego but hadn't looked up anything to do in San Diego yet (whoops) but luckily because of the free wifi, I had the whole flight to plan things"
Self Check Luggage,"Self check luggage is very difficult. Passport does not always scan correctly. Flight tags are cumbersome and not secure. I suppose after a few times doing this, you can get it right. Seats in economy not bad, if on short distance. Flight crew does the best they can. "
On time and plenty of legroom,"Been flying with JetBlue for several years and so far has the best legroom seats, Wi-Fi, and entertainment on board their aircraft's. Booking is easy, the phone app easy to use, reasonable prices and great customer service. Definitely my favorite domestic airline."
1st flight with JetBlue,The flight from Minneapolis to Boston was very good. When we checked in the JetBlue ticking agent was new and was having some troubles but the entire time he made sure to check in with us and apologized for the wait. He was definitely focused on the customer. Awesome job! This
Worst honeymoon experience ever,I have traveled a lot of airlines like I told customer if they gave me a thousand dollar credit I still would not use it they are ride the flight getting delayed was ridiculous made us miss our connecting flight we had already spent $1000 on more tickets because they refused us
June 2018 Vacation,Flight was cancelled twelve hour before boarding. Was not changed. This was a family vacation. Was not notified to this day of why it was cancelled. Had to get another flight from a airport in a DIFFERENT state. Had to drive in the middle of the night to another state for a new
Excellent customer service,"The saying ""fly the friendly skies"" comes to mind when I think of Jet Blue. Very professional, helpful staff."
surpisingly good,a full flat seat on a single aisle plane !! this was a superb overnight flight and at a far lower price than united or AA..i am hooked.
Are you kidding me???,"Today, my friend and I flew back from Turks and Caicos where we had an amazing time. At the airport, our flight boarded and after 2 hours on the plane the Captain and staff agreed to let anyone off the plane. At that point, we knew we were going to miss our connecting flight"
Daytona Beach to JFK and back,"flight to JFK and then to Israel and 12 days later back. Flying out of Daytona Beach is great, JFK is ridiculous having to go in and out of security. JetBlue has multiple self serve ticket kiosks and numerous employees at JFK which keeps the line moving. Worried about limited"
Crew at the gate were great.,"Almost did not make the flight, the boarding crew was great at getting us on or way. Bad way to start a vacation if we missed the flight!! The rest of the story is just uneventful. No drama, friendly attendants, comfortable seats, TV, movies, music. Or just sleep. Hello Costa"
Jet Blue Suite in Mint Class,"First time in Mint Class, with a suite........It was outstanding, huge value for the money. Lie-flat beds, hundreds of movie and T.V channels, including live broadcasts of ESPN, CNN, etc......Larger than normal First Class seat, unlimited leg room, nice food selections, very"
"Skies are friendly, ground not so much","Haven't flown very much with Jetblue, so when we arrived at the airport I needed some help with the kiosk. There was an employee right there who wouldn't help and let me know how inept I was that I needed help. The flight was packed to the gills but the inflight service was fine"
JetBlue is the Best,I sat in an exit row and had a lot more leg room than any other airline exit row. At 6 feet it is important to me to have room such that my knees don’t get smashed when the person in front of me reclines their seat. With the amount of leg room in economy I could have just sat in
Love Blue,"I have nothing but good things to say about this experience on JetBlue. Comfortable seats with ample leg room, attentive crew, free snacks, and entertainment for free if you wanted it."
Really appreciate the extra leg room!,"Was able to buy extra leg room for a modest price, but the stewardess was slow to help us change seats. Perhaps they oversold it?"
Long Delay,"It can be understood that sometimes mechanical problems can cause delays; however, when these occur, the airline should make every effort to reduce the impacts on their customers - JetBlue did not on this flight - as we were approaching JFK over an hour late, I asked a flight"
Love Jetblue,"Love JetBlue...more legroom, friendly, convenient. Able to get direct flights which was huge time saver. This trip they were full so checked bags at gate for free."
Not at all impressed...,Flight was delayed due to weather and because of this we missed our international connecting flight. Which ended up costing us a full day of vacation...and extra charges for rental car and so on. Jet Blue didn't do anything to help with that and travel insurance doesn't cover
Medical Issue - Flight Cancelation - Customer Service,"Wife & son were scheduled to fly to St. Thomas to visit me - non-refundable tickets. Last minute, I encountered a serious medical issue and had to return State side. JetBlue Customer Service placed the full ticket value into a ""bank"" to be used within 1 year given my medical"
Flights 0557 from JFK To Aruba & 1058 from Aruba Back to JFK-NYC,"Recently, my partner & I returned to Aruba to celebrate his 33rd Birthday. We departed NYC/JFK on Flight 0557 via JetBlue. We've enjoyed the Jet Blue experience many times in the past, and this was no exception. We not only enjoyed seats in the ""More Room"" category (1A & 1B)"
Awful,3 hour delay on a 1 hour flight. Not the first time late arriving or departing but this was the worst. No offer of compensation or acknowledgement of the horrible inconvenience. Cheap flight I guess you get what you pay for
"Good Service, Efficient","I always enjoy flying JetBlue and this trip was no different. The boarding process was quick and easy, with passengers assigned to a boarding class. We took off and landed quickly, with minimal taxi-ing time. It actually felt like a quicker trip than previous flights I have done"
JetBlue,I have always wanted to fly JetBlue. And they did not disappoint. The seats are so comfortable. And they give you free movies. They are so nice. The Best flight I ever had.
Don't do the vacation package,They confirmed our reservation at a resort two days before we arrived. When we arrived no reservation 3 hrs on the phone got us the wrong room size for my family of 3. A 1 year old in the heat for 3 hrs waiting on them to call. Useless customer service. Don't go JetBlue.
The Best Airlines!,"From price to service, the absolute best airlines ever... love it! I almost hate to write this cause more people will jump on the boat and start using them and maybe drive up the price... lol."
Unfairness experience,"At check-in/boarding, My travel agent have already assigned me and my other 2 companions our seats, when I printed our boarding passes, we were not assigned one so when the desk at boarding area started calling people, I went to him and asked for seat assignments, I was"
Service has gone downhill,"I always recommended JetBlue. Even when they dropped their one free bag service, I said they were my favorite domestic carrier. Even when they started charging for every little thing, I did. Even when I had multiple friends recount their terrible experiences on JetBlue(missed"
On time,Always on time and never a any concern about the flight. Very clean and friendly. Never had any problems.
JET BLUE IS JET TRUE,We have been flying Jet Blue for many years now. We always go for the extra room seats as it well worth it. The air crew and pilots are always personable and friendly. The ticket staff are always helpful.
Great service to New York,This was my first time on JetBlue. Having long legs I paid extra for an Even More seat with extra leg room and priority boarding. This was great as I was able to stretch out without feeling wedged into my seat. The flight was smooth and service was friendly. The seats are a bit
No brainer service,"On a scale of 1 to 5 of typical airline service, JetBlue gets a 5. Everything was easy. The people were pleasant and, as much as I dislike JFK, I don't recall any weird experiences that kept me from being on-time or stressed. When I arrived at SFO, my brand new hard case luggage"
GREAT111,"Flew non stop to LA. Left on time and landed a 1/2 early. Could you ask for anything better. Very nice flight attendants, and a very smooth ride."
I hate the new boarding process,JetBlue has long been a favorite airline but the new boarding procedure with boarding groups A-E versus their long standing back of the plane first is wretched and worrying if you happen to be carrying a bag you hope to put into the overhead. If you are in group D or E (and one
First Experience on JetBlue's Mint - Wow!,"We don't usually fly domestic business/first class however coming home from Boston and seeing that the price for JetBlue's Mint Class was extremely reasonable, we decided to try it. So glad that we did! First, this was a 6+ hour on the plane experience so it was worth it. From"
Could have been Better,"The flight was 30 min late but what really got to me was the boarding staff told us it was because of a catering issue. When we boarded, the pilot told us is was due to a minor mechanical problem. A little honesty would have been appreciated. Also the breakfast food did whether"
Flight to Las Vegas,"Flight was on time. Poor and unfriendly service, no smiles. Blankets only for sale, no food ( 6 hours flight!), screens didn‘t work. Can‘t recomment this airline. Seats of our family spread all over the aircraft :/"
"not bad, but who lost my luggage?","Nothing out of the ordinary , until the return trip. My bags did not make the trip from JFK to MSY. May have been Aer Lingus' fault, BUT , then things got weird. Aer L told me my bags were coming in on Weds. JBlue was clueless. 1 bag did arrive as promised , 2nd bag on next"
amazing flight,amazing staff there very helpful and thanks for showing where my seat is and helping to put my luggage under my seat and thanks to the captain for flying this flight hope to fly with Jetblue soon
very helpful and nice,thanks to the flight atendents for the help that u did on this flight and hope u loved the flight as much as I did and thanks to the captins for fly this flight
"Jet blue is great, sorry for the inclusive airlines rant","I am sad that all airlines have begun to punish their passengers for extra leg room or window/isle seats. Sure $50 -$75 , but over $100 is ridiculous. I pay extra because of a medical condition to have more room, but for those of you who can't pay extra please know that the"
Good experience,"Boarding was a bit hectic because of the numbers, but people from Jetbllue were kind and helpful. They kept us well informed and we arrived at our destination almost an hour early. That was a fun surprise!"
very nice service,amazing flight attendant that helped us even that helped me with my baby thanks to Jetblue also they allowed him to be the captain for acouple minutes
I love Jetblue!,"Jetblue is the best airline to fly with! Free WIFI, movies and all you can eat snacks. Never have problems with them, they are friendly and make sure everyone has a great flight! I highly recommend their credit card, there is not one better to earn points!! Love Love Love them!!"
My favorite airline,"I love flying JetBlue out of Long Beach. The staff are always helpful and pleasant. The seats spacious. Really appreciate the extra water offered and free snacks. The terminal at JFK is clean, bright and has great choices for refreshments."
"good flight, no problems","very good flight, everything was easy from check in to landing. the flight was very smooth and we arrived 30 minutes earlier than we were scheduled to."
Non-Stop daily service from Ft.Lauderdale to Cancun,"Excellent daily service from Ft.Lauderdale to Cancun. Non-stop , clean and comfy leather seats. You will enjoy tv in each seat back and pleasant friendly service from flight attendants. I believe 1 or 2 flights daily"
Overall nice flight.,"The TV's were not working in flight, I don't really care for that kind of a thing, but we were unable to even turn them off and they kept rebooting them the entire flight. That said, that was the most annoying thing. So it was a nice flight overall."
flights,"Small seats, nickel and dime on luggage charges, snacks minimum, seated on runway for long period without updates, quite trying"
Great economy comfort and great crew.,"On boarding we were informed there would be a delay of 90 minutes, this was no fault of the airline, but the crew provided refreshments. The seat on-board the Embraer 190 provided more legroom than any other airline I've flown. At 6' 4"" o was able to stretch comfortably which is"
Super Convenient Flights,"We absolutely love the convenience of flying to Florida out of Worcester, MA. The airport is small but modern, parking is a breeze and affordable, and the airport staff is friendly and professional."
Amazing experience,Flying with twins aren’t always the easiest or funniest thing to do. But JetBlue made accommodations for both me and my twin toddlers as we didn’t have our assigned seats since there was empty seats they made sure me and my twins were comfortable and had placed us in the front
Love blue,"I love this airlines, use it 4-5 times a year the best even when there is a problem . They are always so professional and courteous. Very acomadaing when there is a problem"
A hot mess,I found this flight to be chaotic and nerve racking. The day of travel when it was time to board we could not hear the announcements due to another flight boarding next to our gate....therefore when we dd get on board all of the overhead bins were filled with luggage of
Smooth and enjoyable flight,JetBlue offers a simple yet great air travel experience. The leather seats have an individual IFE monitor and spacious legroom with 34 inch pitch. Snacks of good-quality and flight attendants are friendly and will provide more than one snack. JetBlue is our new preferred
Flights always the best,"Always consistently great flights with Jet Blue, the pilots and flight attendants are all very friendly, the flight is almost always on time. The free tv and movies are great and the extra leg room is the best. If we could fly Jet Blue exclusively we would. Best airline out"
Flying with Jet Blue,"ATS shut down all flights out of Ft L do to bad weather and this was appropriate but Jet Blue never notified us of the delay and we spent hours in the airport. When the plane was boarding, there were plenty of attendents to help and boarding was a breeze. In fact due to"
Great early morning flight and arrived early,Very smooth flight that was a early flight and arrived early at destination. What more could you ask for?
Outstanding Airline,"Not only if the Customer Service the BEST of any airline I have flown but the cabin was spotless, the seats were comfortable and the attendants seemed to really enjoy their job!"
WORTH A MINT,"This is my third time flying Jet Blues Mint Class, I have to say that I have never been disappointed with the service or comfort. The food could be a little more plentiful but all in all, it is probably the best coast to coast premium cabin in the sky. Flew back on the return"
Thier staff needs training,"Have no major challenges with the airline, but as someone who has travelled with a number of airlines and in the earlier years, the quality of thier staff needs massive improvement. It appears they are part time staff with no real alliance with the company, not much training and"
las vegas girl trip,as always was accommendated well with great service no delays and room service was great and plane was clean.
Love JetBlue,Always try to fly JetBlue. Very friendly staff. Always on time. No complaints. Actually one of the few with free soda and snacks :)
Good experience,"I had a good experience with this airline, the flight attendants had a great disposition and the service was good."
Smooth Flight,This was one of the best flights that I've had in a while. Last week I was forced to take another carrier to Houston and couldn't wait until we landed.
Enjoyable,"I love the fact that the staff take the opportunity to keep you updated with everything clean plane ,flight crew very gracious pilot keep you update in the air of the real time travel and wheather as you going thru and fir the price better then all the other airlines that flight"
Average trip,"It was an average flight. My tv has problems and sometimes I loose the video and my son chair was broken, didn’t recline at all. One hour delayed..."
Very comfortable - extra room seats,The 3 and a half hour flight was comfortable. We paid a little more for the extra room seats so there was more room for our legs since my family and I are tall. We were traveling with our dog and there was plenty of room for Madison in her carrier in front of us. When we were on
So impressed in every way,"I am always flying other cheaper airlines simply due to the cost but I took a red eye on JetBlue and .. WOW! What a difference. They gave us little goodie bags with an eye mask and eye plugs plus they had great drink and snack options. Their seats are so much roomier, more"
Friendly Skies,Always A Pleasant Experience Flying Jet Blue! Airplanes Are Very Comfortable And The Flight Attendants Are So Very Courteous! Never Had A More Pleasurable Flight.
Traveling with Peanut and tree nut allergy,As a mom of a little one with food allergies traveling can be a little intimidating. With that being said We appreciate all that jet blue has done to accommodate a passenger with nut allergies. We only travel with them. As soon as we got our seats we notified the air hostess and
Flight from Orlando to Cancun,I traveled to Cancun Mexico recently and the overall flying experience was not the greatest due to bad weather. The flight was delayed in Orlando while we were in the airplane. The entire flight was very uncomfortable and traveling with two kids did not make it any easier. It
Friendly Flight Crew,Very pleasant flight crew - I paid extra for the more legroom as I value comfort. There was entertainment in the seat headrest which was great to have.
Excellent Airline for Basic Economy,"Me and my wife flew this airline for our honeymoon. The legroom in economy is amazing, I really do give JetBlue credit for making basic economy roomy and comfortable. We encountered an issue, they my wife's luggage for two days, which was horrible because we were in a foreign"
Great Flight!,I was very pleased with the service that was provided on my flight - I was however not too happy about having to pay to for bags/seats etc. There was entertainment in the seat headrest which was great to have.
Nice Flight,"We had a great flight back home, the plane was full but everything was on time with no delay. Smooth flight all the way home!!!!!"
Great Flight!!!!!!,We had 1 hour delay but they really made up for it. Great flight going and it was a direct flight. Will fly JetBlue again
Great flights,Fligt experience was great from check-in at Minneapolis to arrival at Boston. Airport personnel was helpful and pleasant. Flight crew was friendly and effiecient. Baggage arrived quickly. Same for return flight. Lots of leg room in economy. Price of tickets was great. We
awful customer care,I have never experienced such bad customer service and i fly a lot (and i work as a customer service agent as a customer so i know to speak politely and objectively when on the phone with an agent). Nevertheless the agent apologized but said he cant issue vouchers over the phone
The experience was not good.,The Mint check in wasn’t great at JFK. The food in business class was inedible. My husband says if they served this food to prisoners there would be a riot. On our return flight from LA the Mint check in was a bit better but the food was just as bad. We won’t be flying
Loved this Jet Blue Flight,From the moment we arrived at LAX till we landed in San Juan PR the JetBlue folks were great. We took the option of upgrading our seats to have more leg room and I'm glad we did. Good movie selections and nice service. Next time we fly across the country we will check JetBlue
Connecting flight,I understand weather delays... But when an airline chooses to send a plane out to taxi when there are 41 airplanes ahead of it and the pilot has less than 30 minutes of allowable ground time before he reaches his limit is ridiculous. After more than two and a half hours of
Flying JetBlue from Boston to Charleston was a breeze!,"Flying JetBlue from Boston to Charleston was a breeze! It was an easy direct flight. Plane was fairly new and flight crew very pleasant, attentive and helpful. My wife does not like to fly and even she said how much she enjoyed the flight. Thank youm, JetBlue. Strongly recommend!"
Great experience!,"This was my first time flying JetBlue and it was honestly really great. There was so much leg room, the flight attendants were friendly and attentive. They actually came around with a drink cart and free snacks. Comfortable flight."
"Pretty good for ""Budget Airline""","Everyone warned us that we were going to be disappointed with a ""Budget Airline"", and told us things like ""the seats are so crowded; there is no free carry-on policy; etc."". But, the seating was actually quite spacious and comfortable, the free carry-on policy was the same as"
Spring for the extra legroom!,"With the nightmare that flying has become these days, I do anything I can to make my trip a little more comfortable. A straight flight from Palm Beach to Boston can be made so much more comfortable for $57 more. We Spring for the extra legroom seats every time, and I am never"
"Nice flight, good service","Flight was on time. Good snacks and drinks on board. Nothing to complain about. It would be nice, though, if we could listen in to ATC on one of the numerous audio channels. Maybe the one with the flight tracking? United used to do this many years ago, but it just doesn't"
Great Flight and crew!,"I absolutely love Jetblue. I hardly fly with any other airline unless absolutely necessary. They depart on time and arrive ahead of schedule. The JFK terminal is my favorite because it always clean, spacious and has a lot food options."
Nice flight,Flight was easy and comfortable. The airline team in SJU was very friendly both in the check-in desk as well as the gate.
I cannot say enough about the comfort and service! I will fly this airline again soon!!!,"I have traveled extensively for the past 20 years for my job and have witnessed the decline of enjoyable flight travel. Other airlines have been making airline travel absolutely miserable with uncomfortable and unrealistic seat spacing. I am only 5 feet, 1 inches tall and my"
Catering delays both ways,Why make us wait 90 minutes on flights to and from West Palm bc JetBlue can’t manage its catering contractor. PATHETIC!!!!!!!
good experiece with JetBlue,This is the best airline I have ever boarded. The experience was really wonderful with good legroom that gave maximum comfort in the flight
Convenient,We fly from Orlando to Westchester County a couple of times per year to visit and this airline suits our needs. The staff is courteous and helpful. Checkin is quite simple and easy.
Lori on flight 1521 was great. Her partner Deshawn - or whatever not so much.,"I fly JetBlue every month for work. Many flight attendants are just OK, some I would just fire and others are absolutely great. My last flight from HPN to RSW on 06/06/2018 Lori was great. Very friendly and professional. She worked the front of the plane. The other flight"
Love JetBlue!,JetBlue is the best all the way around. Such great service always! They are always friendly and accommodating.
Needs more training on travel Docs,"So, I always fly JetBlue when going to Barbados and PR with no problems whatsoever. What made this time different however was the misinformation I was given. The ""night"" before my early morning flight around 1230am, I decided to check in on line. It was then that I discovered"
Almost...,"I used their website to book roundtrip flights for 2, plus car and hotel. This worked out pretty well for a decent price. BUT...checked luggage is $25/bag/person/flight = $100. Two other deals: (1) Even More Space, which gets you earlyish boarding plus a bit more legroom. "
Years and still good,"Been flying with JetBlue for years. Main routes are SJU-TPA and SJU-NYC. Lucky to have had great service every time. Minor things here or there that I don't consider a big deal when taking the routes, airports and type of passenger sharing that flight with you."
Great flight until baggage claim,Easy to book. Great price. Check in smooth. Nice flight. Good plane. Attentive flight crew. But it took over an hour to get my bag... really????
Great experience,"This was my first trip with JetBlue. It was amazing! Both flights left on time, the employees were very helpful and with a great attitude, the drinks and snacks were great and plentiful, the entertainment service amazing, free WiFi in flight. Perfect!"
Sorry I didnt use The Vacation Package,I have NEVER had a bad experience with JetBlue. Always very nice Airline personnel and always very accommodating to my needs. Even the phone reservation personnel makes sure you have everything you need to travel. The flights have been great unless mother nature kicks.
Great Flight,Great flights both ways. The flight attendants are very friendly. For a short flight the service was great. Arrived back to ft. Lauderdale airport early and there was a gate available so we were very happy. Got in and out the the airport very quickly. Overall a very pleasant
Luxury in leather,"I have flown JetBlue a few times, among other domestic carriers, and am always glad that I did, because their aircraft are simply better. The leather seats are roomy and feel luxurious, there's ample room for your luggage and your legs, and their snacks are different and tasty."
"Great in-flight experience, not so great check-in experience","The check-in experience was not the best. There were no customer service agents until 2 hours before the flight to check my luggage in. As I was taking a midnight flight, by the time I was able to check-in, all the restaurants had closed so I did not have the chance to have"
"Always Predictable - On Time, Customer Friendly, Valur Priced","My wife and I fly frequently and prefer certain airlines, one of which is jetBlue (when available). The fleet is modern with Airbus A320s (rather than 737s). The A320 cabin diameter is 7"" wider which makes the typical economy class seating more comfortable. In addition, We use"
Troublefree Travel,Travelled from Tampa to JFK. Check in was very easy and completed within minutes and JetBlue staff was available for those who needed help. The seats were comfortable with adequate leg room. The cabin crew was very friendly and helpful. The flight left on time and arrived a few
First time from JFK,I have flown on Jet Blue several times but never from JFK airport. They have their own terminal and it is very nice. The entertainment screen for my seat ws not working so the stewartess moved my husband and me to a bulkhead seat. It could not have been better. The flight
Long flight to Vegas,It is nice to have a direct flight. The tv is also a very important part to a long trip. The snacks also are good.
Still my fav airline.,"Will always fly non-stop whenever possible and this early morning departure and early afternoon return schedule was very convenient as well as being low priced. Comfortable seats with decent leg room continue to be a plus, and have to also laud their loyalty program, especially"
On Tiime and Uneventful!,"Flight was on time both ways and thankfully uneventful. Plane was completely full and baggage space onboard was a little problem. Sitting for a 4 1/2 hour flight was a little tough, my legs were killing me. Next time I will upgrade to the seats with more leg room, hopefully"
TOP OF THE LINE JETBLUE,"Great Service, Great Experience, Would Highly Recommend. They Were Even Good to MY LITTLE POMERANIAN ( SENIOR DOG). I Really Enjoyed The Flight Due To ME FEELING COMFORTABLE THAT I COULD BE AT EASE BECAUSE MY DOG WAS WELCOMED. THANKS JETBLUE!!! Dog Owners please obey the airline"
We left on time or early for my flights,"We left early, because everyone was on the flight and ready to go. This was a huge help, and made sense. Also, they let us move to open seats if we wanted to. This was nice - I always prefer to be towards the front, and this gave us room to spread out. On so many other airlines,"
Easy Flying,"Having recently flown on another airline, which shall go unnamed, I was relieved to book a return flight on JetBlue. The boarding process was efficient, the flight pleasant, and the flight attendants professional. Using an old slogan-- Fly the friendly skies of Jet Blue."
Top Airline of all Time,"I am always bewitched by the great service and experience. Jet Blue has been one of the few airlines I always recommend. The stewardess is always polite and of course, accommodate whenever you have a question or a specific request. The only airline I could fly for the rest of my"
Terrific Customer Service,"Outstanding. Due to my fathers declining health, I needed to change my flight to return several days earlier than planned. The agent was so kind and efficient.. I appreciated this greatly. Great crew and flight. Thank you."
Just as good as any big name airline.,"For a lower cost airline, this company seems to be going in the right direction. This was the first time that I flew the airline and was very impressed with the service of terminal staff and flight staff. Comfortable seating. delivered snacks and professional staff made the"
IL to FL to the Bahamas and back!,"Best airline I've flown yet. I totally agree with their claim to have the most leg room compared to others. Also love the JetBlueTV, really helps me focus on something other than being 30,000 ft in the air. Complimentary snacks and drinks and very professional staff."
Good airline. Helpful for passengers with disabilities. Freindly.,"Flying from RSW to Newark was easy. I purchased the ""even more room"" seat. While the extra space is nice, it is only more legroom. I would have preferred to buy a business class seat. The return was not as easy, but that was due to the airport, not jetBlue. The jetBlue staff is"
Nice but not flexible enough,"While I was scheduled to fly at 7:30 pm, we didn't actually take off until 9 pm due to weather delays. While I bought a standard fare, I got to the airport early. I used my JetBlue Plus MasterCard, which allowed me to check a bag at no charge. However, since I did not pay to"
Always a Great Experience,I have always had great experiences on JetBlue and that is why I am a loyal True Blue member. JetBlue team members have always been courteous and helpful. The inflight tv and snacks (provided even on quick flights) are a nice touch. Also the planes are incredibly clean and the
Nice Fight from Aruba to Boston,The flight from Aruba to Boston was 45 minutes late. The gate were very good keeping us updated. Once we were in the air the Captain was very nice explaining that we would be able to make up some of the time we were delayed. The fight attendants were excellant pleasant and
Not the normal experience,"We booked the first flight out of Tampa on a Monday morning not expecting any issues as this is our normal way to fly. We find the early you fly in the day the less chance of delays. Well teh flight coming in from Newark was delayed so that meant we were too. No one told us,"
always a pleasure,Short sweet flight. Comfortable airplane- Embraer. It may sound silly but I like them better than Airbus craft. Weather was good so I was able to trace the entire flight from takeoff to landing. Little TV screen in front of me did the same thing. Logan was very busy but no
Small crowded uncomfortable seats,I haven't flown Jet Blue for several years and wow the seats have really changed. They were hard and uncomfortable for this long cross country flight. The service was as cheap as the seats- the only thing not cheap was the price. I used to enjoy this airline but I will
"Our flight from Orlando to Newark on May 22, 2018","Our 11:00 am flight was cancelled. We were notified at 7:07 am while on route to the airport. We were put on a 3:36 pm flight, which was delayed to 5:19 pm and then delayed again to 6:28 pm. There was also a dog on board and I am extremely allergic to animals..I was very very"
Great inexpensive airline,"Even though the flight was delayed 5 hours, not the airline’s fault the airline handled the situation very well. The airline was extremely helpful in informing us of the situation, when finally we were able to board the flight, we were surprised by the airline offering a $100.00"
Incredible Customer Service,Jet Blue provided the absolute best flight experience I have ever had. I am a nervous flyer and was feeling even more anxious about flying while six months pregnant. We happened to bump into the flight staff before boarding and they were so kind and supportive. A specific and
"Good size aircraft, decent flight","I caught Jetblue out of Buffalo at 9 pm into JFK for the return leg of my trip. I liked the friendly pilot, the size of the aircraft (it fit my carryon adequately), the timeliness of boarding and subsequently, on time arrival. I'll probably use Jetblue both ways next time I"
Flew Jetblue,"There were 6 of flying to Florida for a wedding. The planes actually left early (not by much, but still!) from our home airport and our connection airport. The overhead compartments were very small and barely fit our bags. We had wheelchair service for my parents because we"
There is a reason why this airline is so good,"Stuff happens. It happens to every person. It happens to every airline. One of the worst disasters that has happened to me happened a private jet. Stuff happens. But when stuff happens to you when you fly JetBlue, they know how to deal with it. Not every flight attendant is"
BEWARE Extremely poor delay/cancellation policies,"I got an email that my flight was cancelled SIX HOURS before takeoff for 'maintenance issues'. As we were going on vacation, it was too late to change or cancel accommodations and car rental. I was told by two supervisors (Lesandra and Carline) that my only options were to"
Exceeded our expectations,We were nervous taking this flight because our final destination was Jamaica and there was a short window in between. This was one of the smoothest connections that we've ever had and we even arrived to FLL earlier than scheduled. The flight attendants were really sweet and
Flying Jet Blue,So My Girlfriend is a huge fan of JetBlue. On my recent trip to Mexico over memorial day weekend they made the flight a pleasure. All flight attendants were very polite. They had a minor mechanical issue going there. But that was fixed within 10 minutes and we still landed
Jetblue is always awsome,JetBlue is great that's why I always fly with them unless its a country they don't fly to. They need to give away free flights or half price to members.
Unpleasant Flight Attendance,This was the first time we flying the Jetblue and did not like the way the flight attendants treated us. I hope I don’t have to fly with them again. Laura
Mint is the way to go!,"Jetblue has a new first class service called Mint that beats ANY domestic first class I have been on. Incredible service, delicious food and an amenity kit. The number of power outlets the suites offered — including both 110V and USB plugs, comfortable head phones and a long"
Fun and unique,"Against updates in onboard WiFi on other airlines, JetBlue's signature live TV is still a selling point. The flight was a little rocky, but I was assured ahead of time that the route from Boston to Buffalo is usually met with some turbulence. Kind staff offer various rounds of"
Great Airline,This was my first time traveling with JetBlue and it was excellent. They use Amazon Prime Video service on board and each seat has its independent screen. In terms of entertainment it was A+. The crew delivered a good service and were very welcoming. I used their app for
Great budget airline,"Let me say that for a budget airline, JetBlue is great, easy to check in your bags, good service at the great, nice flight attendant and free snacks.....hands down, best all around."
"Two cancelled flights and no help from JetBlue. If you value your time or money, fly","Our flight from DC to Puerto Rico was initially delayed, and then, about 30 minutes after we were supposed to take off, it was cancelled due to ""mechanical issues."" We had a cruise to catch the next day, and were initially told JetBlue could not get us there in time, and there"
Clean and comfy!,The main thing in JetBlue planes is that the knee space for the economy class passengers is much bigger than any other local (US) airlines. Soft blue color lights also gives +100 to comfort.
Asiana and Jetblue,This is my third time flying Asiana and as before the service was great and the flight comfortable. I highly recommend either Asiana or Jetblue
Retrain your staffs please,"Can not believe this at the JFK Airport. First I went to the line try to ask a question, this lady at the front line was not friendly and gave me an attitude. She asked what is my question but her answer was I don’t know.... then I told her this is why I need to get in to the"
"Spacious as usual, old dysfunctional entertainment system on one leg","Flights were fine, smooth, on time and the crews cheerier than the LAX- JFK teams. Flight down was flawless. Fight home we were blessed with one of the older planes in the fleet equipped with the smallest entertainment screens ever, an extremely limited selection of"
Another Excellent flight,"A full flight, but went smooth as a well oiled machined. Flight was on time, and smooth sailing. One crying baby was quickly calmed by the team effort of the mother and flight attendant. Bring your own headphones, 3 movies to pick from no charge."
Quick Visit to DC,"This was my second flight with JetBlue and I found it to be just as great as the first! The service was great, the flight was pleasant, and all in all it was well worth the low priced airfare."
Smooth Flying,"Flight left on time - arrived early. As always, the flight attendants were friendly and helpful. The movie selection was good and the snacks were delicious"
Disappointing Experience,My wife and I flew round trip on JetBlue from Boston to New Orleans and the overall experience was very disappointing. To begin with both flights departed and arrived late. But the most unacceptable issue was that there was virtually no communication in the departure area as
Disaster of a trip!!!!,"As a trueblue member I am considering no longer using their services. On June 2nd, were supposed to take off from MCO to DCA at 2:45pm. We boarded on time and closed the plane door, but we sat on the runway for an hour. I have asthma and nothing was communicated to us about the"
Comfortable and Spacious,"First time flying JetBlue and I have to say I was amazed at the amount of room that I had. Comfortable flight there, had movies to watch the entire flight and TV up until we were out of range of the United States. I would recommend flying with this airline. If I ever travel the"
Departure late enough out of Richmond to make me miss my bus from Boston,"Jet Blue is usually on time, but this flight left about 12 minutes late. This caused me to miss my bus by a minute or two and to have to hang around the terminal for another hour before catching the next. Otherwise, the flight was good."
Comfortable flight with on-time service,"We checked in a couple of hours before the flight and there was no waiting at the check-in counter. The boarding process was smooth and flight was comfortable, partly because it wasn't full. Leg room is normal and food & drink choices are average. Service was prompt but just"
"Siesta Key ","JetBlue never disappoints! From the movies, to the service, to the flight, everything is always relaxing. Usually the travel is the most stressful part of a trip; however, not when you travel with JetBlue! Thank you for another successful trip!"
Prefered Airline for USA,"My preferred airline in the USA, good service, good price and was again a smooth flight. You have to do the check-in online or at the kiosk, no counter with real people. not a big fan of this but unfortunately the future. A little strange was that only one luggage drop was open"
Mother's Day,"I flew to New York to visit my daughter, her husband, and, my grandson, Jack. The Orlando airport is very spacious, and, comfortable w a lot of restaurants and shops. STA is kind of rugged, but JetBlue hospitality is on display in Orlando. La Guardia has security down to a"
Problem free flight,Check in was amazing - it felt futuristic. Non-eventful flight. All went as expected. Nothing special happened on the flight. Flight attendants were professional. Flight departure and arrival was on time.
Old plane,Not the cleanest or newest plane but the flight attendants were friendly and helpful. We were a bit delayed out of Boston and the captain came out of the cockpit and explained the delay. Very nice of him. Best way to get to Boston so I will fly the route again. The outbound
Love JetBlue,"Despite weather conditions, we had a smooth flight with pleasant flight attendants. Our gate attendant was a genuine treat, even came onboard before we left the gate to make sure everyone was okay. Not the best time to fly out of Orlando (Friday early evening) with everyone"
Great flight,We were flying to NYC for a wedding and wanted a direct flight. Jetblue out of LAX fit the budget ($300) and the schedule (6am departure - 2pm arrival). The seats were lot more comfortable than any other domestic (and international) flights we've been on in economy class. The
Trip to see granddaughters,What can I say we wanted cheap fares and this is what you get it's only 2.5 hour trip you can do that standing on your head.JetBlue is effective on and off downside is gate 1 at JFK it's the last one at the end of the building looks like the third circle of hell. Forelorn
Refuses to compensate for damaged belongings!,"I was informed by a baggage support member that my lost luggage never boarded my plane. I was also told that my bag would be placed on the following flight out at 7pm, and my luggage would be delivered by the end of the day. After calling twice inquiring into the whereabouts of"
Family Trip,"This time, was on time, good service on board,nothing substantial but enough for a flight of two and a half hours. (coffee, cookies, potato chips )"
Short easy flight,"I had a comfortable kid free, and peaceful trip. Attendants were courteous and kind. Pilot was informative and flew at a smooth altitude. Was served refreshments with tender loving care."
Travel for 8,"Very impressed with the service and comfort on this flight to Boston. From Check in to departure this service was first class, very helpful staff, great inflight entertainment, helpful and service orientated air hostesses. Only down side was the baggage came out very slow."
CUSTOMER RELATIONS AT THE COUNTER A PLUS,I give five stars to the agents at the counter for a fast check in and courtesy in checking my bags to my final destination in Hawaii. I paid the traditional check baggage fee and my bags were checked all the way through to my final destination on Hawaiian Airlines without an
Traveling with kids,"Traveled with my 2 kids, age 6 and 2. I really liked that JetBlue offers in-flight TV and movies for the kids; unfortunately, the headphone jacks were hit or miss to work with our personal headphones. Any car seats brought on board must be put in the window seat; this worked"
family fun in the sun,the flt going down was great and going thru security much better than the past on the other hand getting thru security in savannah was a nightmare they were training and did not have enough people to take care of the amount of people going thru there security screening. The
95 % of my travels on time,"It's always been a great service and the lowest price to go to Cancun. I like it that at times when they have a problem with their wifi or the TV service you receive a voucher for the ""inconvenience"". The flight is so short that there is not enough time for a meal or ordering a"
JetBlue nonstop to Cancun is the only way to go!,"If you fly into Cancun, most nonstops are about the same. JetBlue has nice roomy planes, their seat upgrades are not outrageously priced and include expedited security lines ( a huge timesaver) and expedited boarding . But it's departing from Cancun International where this"
Really good,I have no complaints whatsoever about this journey. From start to finish everything was good and comfortable. The crew seemed to be particularly friendly and efficient. My wheelchair service was good and I was allowed to check two bags. No complaints.
A real nightmare,Horrible experience!! my flight was scheduled for 4pm and the flight kept getting delayed over and over. We took off at 2am. I’m not even joking. It was a real nightmare. Worst airline ever. Beware :(
amazing people,I was heading down to Florida for the memorial day weekend and I got Jetblue everything worked amazing thanks Jetblue
amazing service,I met the caption's seems cool and I met the co caption also amazing also I met the flight atendent they are nice anything you need they can give thanks Jetblue
Jet Blue coast to coast,I frequently fly Jet Blue as I am a member with them. I have been a member since 2004. This airline is one of the airlines that provides excellent service to their passengers. They are always early to arrive at a destination. I am never delayed with this airline. I love it and
My Favorite Domestic Airline,"It's one terrific airline. I get $49 deals to DC from their email specials. The staffs are happy, helpful, and polite. Live TV, movies, clean planes. I always look forward to flying with them."
"LEG ROOM!! Old Fashion Value & Exceptional Service with Free Movie, Drinks, Snacks","First shock was the legroom in Economy. You are treated as Guests by Smiling Personable Attendants. Free Movie-3 choices! Complimentary Beverage and Snacks served with hospitality. For a little more than basic rate, I was able to check a bag, have a carry-on and choose a"
7 hour wait for repairs,Flight was delayed 1/2 hour for repairs. While taxiing flight was returned to terminal for further repairs taking about 7 hours. The flight arrived at LAX 8 hours late.
Very roomy,"Nice plane, clean and roomy seats. Nice assortment of free snacks and beverages. The TVs did not work on the way home which was very disappointing and made the trip seem that much longer."
Love JetBlue!!,"I traveled to Punta Cana using JetBlue. As long as I have been flying, I have never used JetBlue so this was my first time. I normally use Delta however JetBlue didn't disappoint!!! My first time and I loved my flight to and from Punta Cana. The staff was friendly, flight was"
I love JetBlue!,"I love JetBlue! Great service, trendy, free WiFi, and yummy snacks!!!! I love the culture!!!!! I have never had a bad experience and highly recommend JetBlue!"
Jetblue flight to Aruba (Non Stop from Boston),Flights are always perfect from Boston to Aruba (Non- Stop) we are usually there in 4 - 41/2 hrs...It's always the same JetBlue crew members so we are getting to know them all by first names (Flight attendants). They all know we like our mixed drink for the flight so we are in
Lost Baggage,My baggage was lost on the way to my vacation by JetBlue. It has never been found. In order to get reimbursement for the luggage and the contents I have to submit receipts! Or they offered a $500 voucher. Absolutely unacceptable. I managed to find some receipts and bank
I love JetBlue,"I love flying JetBlue out of Long Beach, great prices, short flight, and the TSA process is quick. I only arrive one hour early."
Short delays with great service!,"With comfortable seating and great flight attendants, we always select JetBlue! Unlike other airlines, JetBlue consistently finds opportunities to serve their customers!"
Not paying attention to H/P passengers boarding.,On the return flight from PUJ to BOS My wife and I are H/P. The airport personal brought us to the counter area. I believe it was someone from Jet Blue arranged for two wheelchairs to get us to the plane. While we were waiting for the boarding call someone else went and got in
TV were out on fight down.,We were supposed to get a voucher for 15 dollars because the TV monitors were out but have not seen it . Flight left and arrived on time. Same for flight back. Flight 2192 down and 992 back. Nice ember 190 . 2 x 2 seats. On Saturday and large 3x3 all other days.
Decent but Late,"JetBlue was late on both outbound and return flights on this particular trip. Outbound was delayed by over an hour departing, and another 20 minutes on arrival at BOS due to a malfunctioning jetway. The good news is that the plane substitution that resulted in the initial"
Horrible Cusotmer Service,We were told our flight was delayed but arrive on time. I arrived at 3PM and we were delayed until 8:00PM then we boarded to find out we had a flat tire.....so we deboarded @ 9:30 PM and were at the gate till Midnight....we then reboarded and waited till 1:30 when a crew from
Always happy with jetBlue.,I have not been disappointed by jetBlue. More space in economy. Great service and wifi. In my opinion second to none.
Excellent Service,"First time flying with JetBlue and I found their service to be fantastic. The flight was on time. They were able to move around our seats so my husband and I could sit together. They checked our carry-ons for free so we didn't have to worry about lugging them around with us. "
Long Beach CA to Las Vegas,The flight was great ... the ticket agents were not friendly at all. i just came off a cruise to find that my 1pm flight was delayed so i called up Jetblue to find out if i can go on earlier flight at 1050am. I was told by person on phone that it would cost me 75 per ticket to
Jetblue is the only airline for me,"JetBlue is an all around great airline. The last time I did not use them I flew United and regretted it. On United, It was an old plane with cramped seats. My knees were jammed against the seat in front of me. JetBlue uses seats that have plenty of room. I have also found that"
best airlines,always a great experience staff always accommodating and the pilots always keep us informed of any action
Good Flight,"This was a good and short flight from Providenciales Turks and Caicos to JFK New York. I had a seat with extra leg room and was comfortable. The plane left on time and was twenty minutes early. The service was friendly, they offered snacks, and the entertainment on board was"
jetBlue Never Disappoints,"jetBlue never disappoints. From the ground crew to the flight crew, jetBlue is always on point. The ground crew at West Palm Beach International Airport were very helpful and caring. My suit case was over the by 5 lbs, and they were nice enough to allow me to remove some items"
Why fly any other airline ?,"Never fly any other airline except JetBlue. Stewards are always friendly, pilots are always exceptional. Snacks are good too !"
Plenty of legroom but seat comfort Questionable,"I flew from Boston to Lima roundtrip. I am a proponent of Jet Blue because of their substantial legroom. I had five flight segments on this journey.The problem I had were the longest segments ,the flights from Lima to Fort Lauderdale and the reverse. The other segments were fine"
for on the cheap they were pretty good,"It was cheap, and ok. They do charge $25 for your check in bag. No meal, minimal snacks. The people were friendly. Happy to fly with them again."
JetBlue Damaged My Luggage—And Never Replied to My “Voiced Concern”,"It’s heartbreaking that I have to make this review, but here it goes—my sister and I flew out of JetBlue in JFK’s Terminal 5 last Tuesday with no issues. With the exception of a horrible customer service experience on the phone the night before, things were pretty up. Flash"
MINT service is fab!!,MINT service is positively awesum! Service is top notch. Cannot wait to try it again. Two different crews. BOS/SFO and reverse during May. Each crew was spot on perfect in every way. Food choice was excellent and quite nicely prepared for being on a plane. The ammenities are
best flight avail between Palm Beach & Westchester,"do this same flight 6-8 times per year. Easy, reliable, usually on time, priced fairly. Both of these airports are a dream to get in and out of. staff just fine, snacks ok"
5 hour flight and a bag of chips,"The plus: Flight was on time. Boarding was quick. Personal was professional and efficient. Plane’s toilet was usable. Negative: I truly feel JetBlue should give more than a bag of chips on a 5 hour flight. I am diabetic and I can’t go hours without eating. Yes, I can buy a"
Definitely recommend!!!,"Took a flight out of Ft Lauderdale, drive is about 14 hours but worth it. cheaper than out of our small airport in Greenville! Also means were closer to the Keys upon our return and short flight to MX! : ) Love Jet Blue, always clean, roomy and they Dont nickel and dime you to"
Flight was amazing as usual......... flight attentdants great,"I always fly JetBlue if possible always non stop and always extra leg room, Crew is very attentive and flight always smooth going. Love this airline"
Surprisingly good!,"For a budget airline, this was very good. The stewards were attentive and friendly, the leg room was great, the entertainment ok. I just say ‘ok’ because we touched down just before the film finished... The plane looked new and clean, inside and out. There was a slight delay on"
I Can't Ding the Airline - it was the Weather's Fault!,I am a big fan of JetBlue but this flight was not my favorite. Our 9:39 AM flight from Boston to Washington Reagan was cancelled at about 1:30 in the morning (my wife got a text and noticed it on her phone). We got up in the morning and she informed me that we were on another
We always prefer Jetblue,My husband and I always choose Jetblue as our go to. We have never had any issues. The staff is always kind and available. the snacks are good and we always feel relaxed.
Hilton grand vacation resort,On my recent return flight from a wonderful 4 days of relaxing got to the airport and found out that a seat had not been assigned to my bff. We asked the agent could she find us 2 seats together on a crowded flight. She gave us a free upgrade to the first two seats on the plane
Heated Cabin,We were on exit row seat 11AB. Mid flight wifi didn’t work only 2 channels with bad movies and 1 in Spanish. Seat 11B didn’t recline and I asked the caucasian female flight attendant to asm the capt to cool the cabin and she disregarded my request saying the 319Airbus is always
Met Expectations !,"Flying is part of the entire Vacation experience. While today's industry is not what it was a few years back and we hear horror stories about vacations ruined because of a negative flying experience, JetBlue did a good job in making sure the trip was a memorable one in a"
always a pleasure,this is my go to airline. if jetblue flies there I am on that flight with jetblue rewards it makes even more sense very nice people at all points I am 6ft 1in and have 3 to 4 inches space when I am seated which makes a world of difference on the flight
No frills flights,"When flying from New York always expect a few delays as this is a very busy airport. Jet Blue will usually still get you in on time and service on board is good. Staff members are very helpful. It's really no-frills though, so while there is some entertainment and limited wifi"
Couldn’t be easier!,"Recently booked our first trip with JetBlue vacations. The process was so simple and easy to do. The hardest decision was figuring out what resort we wanted to stay at. JetBlue arranged flight and resort reservations all in one transaction and when our travel date arrived, all"
Gate Experience,First to begin I have traveled on Jetblue a number of times in the past and has never received such mediocre service. It was quite surprising on my trip from JFK to UVF yesterday 5/30/2018 where the agents at Gate 16 were not at all pleasant. When asked a question they seemed
"JetBlue, the best Airline to fly!","In the past, we have tried other Airlines. But, we have found that we like JetBlue best. They are consistently a top notch airline. My favorite thing is being able to watch TV and having control of the stations and the sound, using purchased air plugs. I use mine over and over"
Great Airline - Cool Staff - OK Snacks,"I have been flying this airline since they started service to Lima in 2013. I think the More Space Seats are a waste of cash, however, the Priority Boarding and Clearance through Security at Fort Lauderdale might make it worth. Be aware this airline always flies full or very"
Consistently great!,"I love Jet Blue! They actually have legroom in the cabin, and offer lots of amenities in flight, including snacks, beverages and wifi. You can also purchase alcoholic beverages or snack packages if you wish to upgrade. Generous baggage allowances and a very friendly,"
"""Duct Tape"" Patch... on the outside...","I always preferred JetBlue until this trip. Plane was worn, service was indifferent. TV did not wok on the way over or back. Two different excuses given. Return flight plane actually had an ""airline grade"" patch on the outside - see attached picture. Had to ask crew several"
Delayed for Emergency small plane landing,"We arrived at the airport to fly home from San Jose to Long Beach. Miraculously, we encountered friends who were on the same flight at the rental car return. They mentioned the flight was delayed. I did not receive any text or email messages that the flight was delayed. We"
Spacious?,"Haven't flown JetBlue in quite awhile. Checking in at the airport required patience. For some reason the kiosks didn't work for us so had to go to the counter. There was one employee to handle customers. Since most of us at the counter had a ""problem"" it was a long wait. The"
"Low cost, low service","Bought ""Even More Space"" seats since the flight does not offer business class. It was worth the extra $72 (round trip) as the additional space (front-to-back, not side-to-side) made a comfortable difference. I know that JetBlue is a low-cost carrier but there are some details"
Comfort,"Best legroom coming from a 6ft person who suffers with their foot , there was also a screen on the headrest with an abundant of inflight movies u can watch."
Wonderful staff but repeated delays...,"We had non stop flights from Boston to Cancun and 10 days later back. We began on our trip down to Cancun with multiple delays. It was annoying, of course, we had a car company picking us up and we also wanted to get to our resort ASAP to begin our vacation. After vacation"
Anniversary,My jetblue experience was great. Flight Attendants were very corteous and friendly. The flight was ontime the service was outstanding. They have free entertainment and free sacks that's a plus. Very happy with my flight experience.
"Great airline, wonderful prices, punctual, spacious","We flew from Mexico to Orlando in may, with great prices. The flights had good departing times, 12.00 pm, and it was very punctual. The airplane is spacious and confortable. JetBlue personnel is kind and efficient. However it was a little bit uncomfortable that in four stages of"
JetBlue first flight,Impressed with JetBlue. Good legroom and a friendly and professional crew. I have flown over 2 million miles but this was the first time on JetBlue. Enjoyable flight. Thanks.
Comfortable,The airliner was comfortable and the service was good. The plane was clean and the snacks provided was fresh.
Great airline,"We love JetBlue - have been using them whenever possible. Their equipment is excellent, their staff is amazing and most important to us, they care about maintaining schedules. We’ve had 2 delays over the past 3 years and we were compensated with JetBlue dollars without even"
return flight Long beach /New York,"Flew the first time with JetBlue. Loved the Long Beach airport - very small, quick service, inland out in 30minutes. The flight itself was uneventful. Service real nice, Seats quite comfortable and you can watch TV, movies etc."
All-around Comfort,"JetBlue provided comfort throughout our trip, with spacious seating, televisions in the headrests with DirecTV, worry-free transfer experience from an international flight to a connecting domestic flight, and great overall service. It was also the best value of the major"
JetBlue Mint is just that!,"If you ever have a little extra money to spend and want to upgrade to the MINT experience, do it! It's so nice...especially if you are taking a red eye home. The MINT seats are only available from coast to coast. Your seat fully reclines into a sleeping position or you can"
Best Airline by far!,I was skeptical about flying JetBlue at first but I was looking to save money and therefore purchased tickets for my family of 6 since they were like $180 per person which was much cheaper than the other airlines. Sadly we started off with a 2-hour delay on our redeye flight
Good flight,"I was traveling with my family and have 2 daughters, 4 years and 2 years and they like there first flight. They were traveling for the first time and they love it. Even the captain let my daughter go inside the cabin and took her nice pictures. The seat are super"
"They still serve drinks and snacks no,charge",Price was good. They didn’t charge for carryon baggage. Served pop and snacks at no charge On flight home it was delayed . They did their best to make a bad situation tolerable They brought out water bottles. And snacks. Then had pizza delivered. When plane arrived they Made
Long night of waiting,"This was a flight home after a great vacation. Note we were flying up to Connecticut after a tornado hit. Our flight was delayed 3 times before being cancelled at 2 am. The original flight time was 9:20 pm on a Tuesday, flight cancelled at 2 am Wednesday. The next flight we"
10/10 customer service,"My flight was Dublin to Boston to Raleigh. I booked my flight through Aer Lingus which partnered with JetBlue for the domestic flight. Long story short, I had a crisis involving checked baggage not going to make it to the final destination. The Boston JetBlue employee who"
Easy and comfortable flight,"Quick trip to Florida for a cruise: Jet Blue was perfect. Direct flights both ways. We missed the flight down (totally my fault) and they were able to re-book us on the next flight out so cruise was not effected. THANK YOU!! Plenty of leg room, LOVE direct TV, yummy snacks,"
An Airline that really cares !!,I have been flying with JetBlue ever since they started flying out of Boston and have always had a great experience with them. In particular over the years I have had to change two flights due to weather and medical reasons and the folks at reservations have been extremely
Easy,"It’s been awhile since I flew on Jet Blue. The flight was the way I liked it. No problems and on time. Smooth boarding process and friendly flight attendants. I was on their basic economy ticket meaning no checked bags. Unlike Delta, (where basic economy means your seat is"
Flight attendants and live TV make it a better experience.,"Flew JetBlue from JFK to FLL recently. Weather was very bad and flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Staff at gate kept advising updates, which was helpful. Boarding process was a little chaotic, with people blocking the boarding line while waiting for their group to be called. "
Connecting to Boston,"The weather prohibited us to connect to Boston out of Atlanta, and because it was a weather delay and not mechanical, JetBlue refused me any sort of concession even after I persistently asked. However, another passenger on our same flight did get $200 in flight credits so there"
Smooth flight,"The flight was fine, Providence Green Airport was great. Flight delayed but constant notifications, flight smooth. Return flight left on time all in all no complaints."
Smooth Flight,Great price on a great airlin ticket! We will definitely travel JetBlue again. The price was right and the skies were clear!
Jet B is run it’s course,"Booked a JetBlue vacation to palm beach. Resort was great , on our flight home we paid for extra space row 2. We got our boarding pass and it said row 25. Called hotline and they said someone bumped us. The guy at the gate was rude and didn’t give a crap. Sat in back and jb"
Pleasantly surprised,"This is the first time I am flying with JetBlue. They recently started direct flight between SEA and JFK. I transferred my credit card points to purchse a mint class seat with privacy door. The layout was very good. There was certainly more than adequate legroom, but the"
"OK, but will not book again for international flights","I was disappointed on a few aspects: I couldn't check in on line to print my boarding pass 24 hours prior to my departure. When I walked in the plane to ask if they could hang up my dresses I brought for my trip, they said; they don't have closets and I would have to store"
great staff & service,"Jet Blue's staff & service is awesome. I am disabled, but didn't ask for extra service and they still approached me both ways to see if I needed a wheelchair. Jet Blue's staff is always very courteous and respectful. I have been using their airline for years and always get"
Love JetBlue,"What's not to love??? Leather Seats, Directv, great flight attendants, smooth landings, and organic food choices!!!"
Jet Blue Vacations were Terrific,This was our first time using Jet Blue Vacations. We knew where we wanted to go and what resort we wanted to stay at. We are retired so can be very flexible about what days we travel. We booked a trip from Boston to Punta Cana with reservations for two couples at the Grand
Roomy seats,"My family and I flew JetBlue on May 18, 2018 and it was a smooth flight. The seats had room especially because I am a plus size girl so I appreciate that. They gave us snacks unlike United that only give you a very small bag of pretzels. And with JetBlue we are able to use all"
Pleasant Fight Attendant,The takeoff was delayed for about one hour due to heavy traffic on the runway. The flight itself was smooth. Our flight attendant (Stacy?) was very pleasant and helpful. We were served coffee and soft drinks and snacks (Blue Chips!).
JetBlue Seattle to New York,I have use JetBlue for many years. This time I did a night travel and woke up in New York at 6am in the morning. I spent a few days in New York and then use the train in Philadelphia for my sons graduation.... The train was expensive because I did not use the internet a few
Great service!,"I loved flying on this airline. Great service, efficient boarding. My flight was 5-6 hrs back and back to JFK. For my red eye flight, they even gave eye sleep mask, which was so awesome so I slept like a baby from Phoenix to JFK. Good service. Will fly Jetblue whenever I can."
OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM JET BLUE STAFF IN MEXICO CITY AIRPORT!! THANK YOU!!,"We would like to thank the amazing staff on the Jet Blue check in desk at Mexico City Juarez international airport for their help and support on May 27th 2018!! We were due to board a flight back to Manchester, UK, via Orlando, USA, but had some Visa ESTA issues which caused us"
Don’t bother with extra space for getting into shorter security line,"I paid an extra $15 each on 2 tickets for what they call EXTRA SPACE which was really a ticket to go through an expedited security line. When I looked at my boarding pass after I paid for it, it looked exactly the same as the boarding pass from before I upgraded to this"
Airlines,"We recently dropped off our guests who took a round trip. The airlines is easy, fast and efficient. You don't have to deal with parking, parking fees and walking. Its drive up, and drop off. Inside are stores and gift shops full of cute disney stuff and boutiques. Never do you"
BGI to FLL.,"It was my first time flying Jet blue , from checking to landing in Florida I thoroughly enjoyed the experience . I like the early morning travel time. There was one disappointment , not knowing what changes were made with Emigration on entering the country (that was not"
First time jetblue flyer,It was my first time flying with JetBlue and I will only fly this airline in the future. I was sitting next to a gentleman who started to feel sick and my husband alerted the flight attendants. They came to his aide immediately and I also noticed another attendant on the phone
Lavatories all broken on flight 204,"So why let anyone on in the first place? And there is a baby on board? Once everyone boarded they announce a delay. Not smart. And I rarely fly JetBlue. Our flight 203 on the way here was delayed too, for mechanical reasons no one could discuss. Jetblue used to be great. Now"
"No Alternatives for Irregular Operations, Leaves Passengers Stuck","I could deal with the quirky app that charged me a new Even More Room fee for any change to my seat res (crediting me the previous charge in the same amount). However, I found JetBlue to be sorely lacking when facing a mechanical delay. Boarding went uneventfully. 10 minutes"
A add on to my first comment.,"while we had a problem with our hotel stay jet blue came to our rescue and helped us not surprised "
Almost perfect,All flights were great until we returned from Punta Cana to FLL. In FLL other flights had been delayed so it impacted our flight. The airline kept us informed when gates and times were changed many times. Crew was friendly and professional. Love the individual TV screens at
Spring Getaway to the sunshine state,"Flight was uneventful. Took of after scheduled time due to lack of crew. Gatew personnel explained the delay and kept passengers advised. despite the slight delay, flight arrived just about onscheduled time."
Recommended,"From the modern terminal to the self ckeck in kiosks, our positive experience continued once we boarded the aircraft with great service, a host of inboard entertainment including streaming, plus a self serve galley for snacks and refreshments. Their economy is similar to most"
Fly Jet Blue!,Family trip to Baltimore. First time flying Jet Blue and it was great. We paid the extra few dollars to gain more leg room (my oldest is 6’7” and everyone else in the family is 6’). The seats were comparable to a leather easy chair at home with lots of leg space for our
"Great service, on time, great legroom",I haven’t flown JetBlue in years. It’s pretty good for an American budget carrier. The attendants were very good and provided excellent service. I was sitting alone so they asked me to switch seats with a couple with a small baby. To compensate me they provided me with several
Good Experience,"Flying JetBlue was a good experience. Easy check in, the flight was smooth and both airports were efficient and clean. No complaints."
"Wonderfully, despite leaving behind paradise","Everyone was somber after a wonderful five days in beautiful Montego Bay, Jamaica. As you can imagine, all persons still had fresh in their minds, the magnificence that was vacation and a gathering of friends and family for a long awaited wedding. No one said much, settled into"
Always a nice experience,"If you want to be treated like a traveler and not like cargo, fly Jet Blue. Crew is always polite as are the gate attendants and everyone in between. Have been flying with them since they started and always fly Jet Blue whenever possible."
Mint is unreal,"never have done it before but we had some extra cash so we went Mint class. no wonder people fly this way - no jet lag - no nothing. lay flat seats, comforters, full pillows and pampered service. they tried w the food but its still airline food. good snacks and swag kit. I was"
Is not what it was five + years ago :-(,"Neither one of the plugs for the headphones works, so don't bring your headphones :-( Windows dirty. overall disappointed. I guess because the plane is small and very old, my flight from Atlanta the headphones works!!!. Sits didn't recline at all. One thing I can tell you...."
Our 40th wedding anniversary.,We have been flying jet blue for over (15) years it isn’t the only way to fly but it should be!!!!!!!
Comfortable travel,"Nice staff, courteous service, good price but on checking recently cost went up a lot and there are issues with luggage as with every airline and the extra cost but if you check around you can find good deals also on Caribbean Airlines which at times are cheaper."
Amazing!,"Service was amazing! Relaxing, enjoyable, and exciting all in one! No delays the whole round trip! Will definitely use them for my next trip!"
Boston to Buffalo and back.,"I have always flown American to Buffalo. Since they stopped their non-stop, it could take up to 4+ hours to fly to Buffalo.from Boston. My wife and I decided to try JetBlue. We had one bag to check and 2 carryons. There is a 3 tier fare system. The cheapest is no checked"
Very good airline,"Very good flights, personal, and extra leg room. Only complaint was the 11 hour layover on the return flight, we booked thru another airline to get home 6 hours sooner."
Nice flight,"Perfect cheap flight, specially if u only have a carry on. You get a bag of cheaps on the flight and a drink. It was the cheapest flight i could find for a weekend and no downside on the experience side"
JetBlue is awesome!!!,"JetBlue is great!!! Always on time and easy boarding process. The regular seats have more space than other commercial airlines and as always, free snack and beverage service. If you haven't flown with them, what are you waiting for? You won't be disappointed."
Roomy and comfortable,Everything was good about the journey. Courteous staff spacious seating. Big thumbsup. I would certainly recommend
Great value for $,"The airplane was fairly new and service was good, with nice options of food and drinks!! Leg space was very decent, especially if you're not a big person. Departured and arrived on time, which is always a plus..."
Excellent customer service,"Having been delayed by my previous flight, they got me a new courtesy flight and were so understanding, even though it wasn't their fault. This is the way airlines should be, and really helped me when I was in a spot of trouble. A++"
If you are with Ponzy schemes this is the right airline,DO NOT FALL FOR EVEN MORE SPEED!! The employees don’t know about this service and the staff is not trained in a case of emergency. In my way to FL and older Man fainted and the staff was clueless of what medication or medic kid they have on board and if it wasn’t for a couple
"Canceled my flight, didn't inform ne",My friends and I booked a 6:45 a.m. flight for a vacation to Florida. We thought we were all set until amother friend decided to come on the trip so I looked up our flight so I could try to get him on the plane with us when to my surprise and dismay I found I have been switched
A little delay,"We get a nice experience, a little bit of delay on both ways but not a big issue. Nice movie selection on the flight."
good flight,For the second time flying with JetBlue we had problems with the computer check in at the airport but a member of staff was there to help out. The flight was good and the seats comfortable with plenty of leg room.
Good flight and helpful staff,The computer check in at the airport was a little difficult but a member of staff helped us. Although our carry on case was just over size it easily fitted in their size testing container. When we boarded our seats were already occupied. A member of cabin crew tried to sort it
Great Airline/Flight,"Great non stop flight, flight to NOLA slightly delayed but made up time on return flight. They are great about dispensing free snacks and drinks, access to movies and Netflix. Would recommend JetBlue to anyone."
Fantastic flight with Jet Blue,"Flying Jet Blue is an excellent experience. The seats are very comfortable, the TV keeps your mind occupied, and the snacks are excellent. Some of the in-flight snacks for purchase are a bit pricey, yet the items are higher quality. The price of the flight was super"
Filthy plane again AND Late as usual!!!!!,First let me say that the flight attendants were very nice as always. Unfortunately as always the flight left late! I am delayed every time I fly JetBlue. This one was delayed two hours. I have been delayed as much as twelve! Late every time! The plane was filthy! The window in
Not My Problem,"I was taking this flight to Boston; I had to make a connection in Orlando. The flight was delayed by an hour and a half in Mexico City, therefore leaving me with barely an hour to go through customs and immigration before catching my next flight. As most of you know customs and"
Poor communication,"How can you consider updating travelers about delays afterwards? Here I stand at 728pm, still waiting to board 2 hours late, and your site shows I board at 715pm. I wish you would ne honest about delays."
Impressed!,"First time first with JetBlue. Great service, boarding, etc. Free wifi! Free DirecTV (USA portion) free movies all the time. Definitely will look here that before trying others. Always shop around and they beat them all this time."
Jetblue never disappoints,Check in was a breeze. Our flight was comfortable and on time. We enjoyed the usual courtesy of the staff and the on flight entertainment which always makes the flight time go quickly.
All with JetBlue,"Vacation flight headed to Miami area on a Friday evening. All-in-all an easy 2 hour flight with plenty of legroom, free TV, a drink, and snacks. I did have an audio issue with my headphone jack, but I got it to work when it acted up."
Flight to Florida from NY for vacation,JetBlue is always so organized and normally on time. Flight crew efficient and professional at all times. we fly JetBlue only except when destination isnt available... hasnt happened yet thankfully!
Bumpy but good.,"My wife and I returned from two weeks in Orlando. There was a delay, no fault of the JetBlue, due to storms at my destination. Unfortunately there was stormy weather all along the east coast. Still, the pilot and crew did a great job. My only complaint with JetBlue is no direct"
Disdain for customers,"On arrival at JFK, when the overhead locker was opened by a passenger, a large, heavy metal hook fell on my head. It was painful. It was an attachment hook for double hand luggage of the sort that airline personnel use. It in fact belonged to a Jetblue pilot sitting two rows"
Missing luggage,"We left DTW yesterday, destination Iceland via Jet Blue and Icelandair Airlines. My husband and I each checked one piece of luggage at DTW. Although we enjoyed the comfort of the flight on Jetblue, when we arrived at Keyflavik International Airport, one piece of luggage did"
"Cancelled flight, rescheduled 2 days later",Our family was notified that our flight was cancelled by a casual email stating no reason for the cancellation but that we would be notified when they had another flight. Went to the airport anyway and again no reason for the cancellation but we were informed that we had been
Good Fligth,It was a good flight from MCO to PSE. We didn't get the TV services but the airline told us that a 15$ voucher was going to appear in our accounts.
On time !!!,"Check'In and Boarding with order and right on time. Free Wi-Fi included, and very good attention on board."
"On Time, Clean, Comfortable and Good Snacks!","With all the nightmare experiences happening on airlines everywhere, I was happy to say that at least for now JetBlue doesn't seem to have caught the nastiness flu. Personnel was nice all around. They provided good assistance, clear instructions and friendly treatment. The plane"
Surprinsigly they were quite good,"I was surprised to see they had a better package then Air Canada Rouge(wgich I had flown prior to them). Good aircraft, on time, good service, decent legroom"
Seating comfort a real plus!!,"Love this airline!! The seats are so comfortable....headrests bend out to support your head while resting, seat itself is comfy and the leg room even in economy is the best I have seen in all airlines I have flown. The flight attendants are outgoing, friendly and"
Great flight,We paid a little extra for leg room and express customs. It was well worth the extra money. I was surprised that we were offered free basic drinks. And snacks throughout the flight. Pretty good for a cheap flight. Staff were all lovely.
Always respectful of their customers.,"The crew on the ground and in flight were respectful and just nice. I checked a bag at the boarding as the flight was full. They were appreciative and thankful. The boarding crew at the gate from New Orleans back to Boston was entertaining and fun, telling travel and boarding"
All Flights Timely and Smooth!,"There were four of us traveling together -- all the flights (going & coming) were basically on time, little turbulence and smooth landings. JetBlue , in my opinion, is among the roomiest seating. The TV (free) offerings are very good. All their staff were professional and"
Jetblue all inclusive package worth the price!,"Smooth service from check in and preloading passes to landing. I do recommend if you are 5'11"" or better that you upgrade your seat to have the extended leg room."
Good for the price,"I found the service of JetBlue’s Mint to be just on par with the other airlines offering lie flat transcon while I found the seat to be less comfortable that AA, DL, and UA. However the price I paid $529 was about the 1/3 the price of what it would cost on the Big airlines so"
Delayed but great service,"I really like JetBlue, but my past trip roundtrip from SJU to BOSTON was delayed two hours both ways. They did send me updates via email. I have to say that the service was excellent. In my way back they even gave us refreshments and snacks while we waited at the gate (it was"
JetBlue to and from Mexico,Had a great flight back from Cancun. Flight was early and baggage quick. Thank God we had Mobile Passport. Line for Customs was hours long. Breezed through in 5 minutes with Mobile Passport.
overall good minus ft lauderdale wheelchair service,the flight and service on this flight was good...the problem was the abysmal handling of handicap service at ft lauderdale airport IT WAS A FIASCO..people corraled into a pen...totally disorganized...one woman urgently needed to get her oxygen battery re charged and she was
"2 previous flights canceled, this one has us on the tarmac for almost an hour with no end in sight.",States the bathroom door latch didn’t work properly and the mechanical paper work needs to be completed. Really? You’ll hold up a flight for a bathroom door latch? 3 flights in a row ALL horrible!!!!
Amazing,"I was booked on United out of Nassua, my reservation was not listed in their system even though I had all the details in an email. The United staff were exteremely rude, unhelpful and generally disinterested. I went to American to try to get a flight with them but all only went"
Home sweet home,My first time flying with JetBlue to my native country and I was quite impressed and pleased with their onboard service. Friendly and attentive flight attendants offering snacks and drinks through out the duration of the flight. They made sure each passenger was comfortable. The
Late departure,I enjoy flying JetBlue airlines on there red eye flights. We took this flight in the morning on our way to boarding a cruise the same day. The plane was having some mechanical issues delaying take off by 90 minutes. My biggest complaint about this was the lack of
"overall smooth flight, very annoying to hear THREE small children SCREAMING entire flight","crew friendly, accomodating, flight smooth,only annoying thing was couple with THREE small children from baby-about age 3 screaming and crying loudly the ENTIRE FLIGHT....no fault of the airline"
Travel to Ft. Lauderdale,The flight was on time and the flight attendants were all very personable. You get value for your money.
"Nice, quick flight from SJU to St. Thomas","This is a quick, very nice flight. If you schedule at certain times, the price is great while at other times it is quite expensive.The airplane is small but ok for a 20 minutes on the air flight."
Friendly Crew,"The check in staff are very helpful always smiling and making sure all of your documents are in order before sending you on the inside ,their patience must be commended. On reaching the departure lounge the service continues with a smile and ""enjoy your flight""as you prepare to"
Smooth Flying,"East check in with 2 bags checked, left on time, got in early, return flight same and the ""little extra room"" seats were worth it. Got free bags checked and lots of leg room."
Surprisingly good airline,"I didnt know what to expect from JetBlue as a non-american, but our flight from the Bahamas, left on time, arrived on time, despite a non ideal weather. Flight attendant were very nice, helped out with any request and were kind to all passengers. Price is not low, but overall"
Surprised with space between seats,I was surprised about leg space between seats. In positive way. We booked flight with Emirates and got luggage for free (23 kg). Othervise you need to pay extra for luggage. Service is OK. You get coffee/tea for free. And some snacks for free (was in our flight). All other
Great flight but the better planes are used in the US,"Another great safe flight on Jetblue but man o man are we getting the short end of the airplane stick. Flying from FLL to JFK plane was newer, with really awesome modern options. Including a complete collection of new films and tv shows."
Flying JetBlue WOW !!,"JetBlue is the best . Held our contacting flight for us in Long Beach so we could arrive on time in Portland,"
Good airline but .......,We are regular flyers on JetBlue and are always satisfied. This trip there was a nasty incident with a male flight attendant ordering two women off the flight after they asked for assistance with stowing their carry-on luggage. Following that incident he also ordered a male
Worth it on what I paid,"The flight was on time. Comfortable economy class seats, with spacious leg span. Snacks and drinks are good and friendly staffs aboard."
Celebration,"Flight was on time, excellent hospitality . Television wasn’t working, therefore, was offered a credit to use for future travel. Nice snack & flight."
"Efficient, no frills airline","Great budget airline, just a short flight but ahead of schedule and very efficient. Staff were friendly, no issues at all. I don't think there was a business class, the plane seemed to be all one class."
Very god,On time with very good service. Good entertainment and luggage handling.We also had very good wheelchair assistance
"Quick flight from Orlando to Worcester,Ma. Off the plane and home in 20 min.","This was a wonderful flight for cruising out of Canaveral from central MA. On time at both ends, Service was as expected."
when security goes first!,"I don´t mind the space between seats, if I get my seat selection...etc. I just care about feeling safe at 30000 feet. And while flying Jet Blue I do. P.D btw, My husband I left his kindle in the seat on our way out from Mexico City haven´t heard about it. Still"
One of the best domestic USA airlines,"Flight was part of an international ticket so 2 23 kg bags where included in Economy. They provide high speed WiFi, DirectTV and snacks to all passengers. Legroom is small compared to international airlines. Flight attendants were friendly."
JetBlue travel experience,"JetBlue has become one of the most versatile airline in the Island to travel to different places in the USA and Caribbean.The planes usually are on time, clean and its personnel is very pleasant and courteous.If you manage to do an upgrade there is plenty of leg room to be"
JETBLUE has their game face shining,JETBLUE has made flying special again with great service from their flight attendants. It seemed quite a step up from past experience.
Flying from Point A to point B,JetBlue terminal 5 in NYC is very crowded most days being that flights leave to the Caribbean and Latin American cities. It's not very organized but if you live yourself the allotted 2 hours before your flight you should be ok. Many of the ticket counter agents are very
Excellent price and flying time,"I always like to fly by Delta or JetBlue whenever going anywhere, however, JetBlue always offers more flexibility of schedules and better prices. Once in the air, service is always good as can by expected for flying economy class and crew members seems to be polite and helpful"
flight experiance,this is my third time on Jet Blue and all 3 trips have been the best flights i ever had. Keep up the good work. This has become my favorite airlin.
Flight to Tampa,"Excellent employees, on-time, excellent facilities, excellent maintenance. I was enjoy the travel. We will travel again in Jetblue."
Easy flight from Puerto Plata to JFK,"Despite having made seat selections when booking, our party of three ended up in three different rows spread throughout the plane. The one disturbing moment was that the flight crew allowed a (as she claimed) handicapped traveler and her two ""assistants"" to drink almost a whole"
"Not glamorous, but a straight flught","Not on my list of favourite airlines, but not the worst. Planes may be older and not so spacious, but adequate. Best part straight flight cross country. Was not in time leaving/arriving either times I've ridden. Flight crew were less than good, but they did reluctantly come by"
"Reliable, enjoyable and on time.","Took a flight from Orlando Int'l Airport to San Juan, Puerto Rico. Very good flight, nice flight attendants and we departed and arrived on time."
LGB is the best airport,"Flying from LGB is really a blast. Nice facilities, and very convenient location. I hate flying from or to LAX which is jungle. I hope JetBlue keeps increasing service from this airport."
My first airplane trip,"This was my first plane trip, and JetBlue did everything they could to accomodate my specials needs. I was very satisfied with their service."
What a terrible surprise,I normally swear by JetBlue. This flight was the worst that I have flown with them in my travels. The aircraft was OLD rundown and dirty ! The restrooms were disgusting. I paid for the extra legroom row 2 aisle seat. The seats were worn and completely uncomfortable. The TV
Difficulty handling delays,"I have flown JetBlue 4-5 times before and everytime I've had a phenomenal experience so I would preface this review by saying this might be the exception, not the norm. I had a flight booked from Boston at 9:20 a.m to reach at 1 a.m in SFO. The flight was delayed by over 2"
What I like about this Airline is its no fuss get on with it attitude with a great relaxed and pleasant cabin crew,As usual the flight was on time and the Cabin Crew eager to help and to give you a smile - very important for us Nice modern plane that was clean and relaxed - always my first choice on the NY route
Great Airline!,It is always great flying with Jetblue. They have an awesome customer service. I love their planes as well.
Not Happy With This Airline,"First of all, the flight never left on time; going or coming back. Going, I missed the first half hour of my class and coming back, I almost missed the last subway train. Smiling faces and polite communication cannot make up for lousy service. The flight times were also"
Easy flight from West Palm Beach to White Plains,"We fly this service whenever we go up north to NY or CT...it's a reasonable fare, nonstop and easy to rent a car @WP airport. Typical all good...a few negatives like the crowds @ WP check in, delays due to weather and seating uncomfortable over the years...ie: less space /"
They fit it all in!,"Pretty good quick flight from Nassau to Fort Lauderdale. Comfortable seating, nice leg room, variety of drink / snack options and cordial flight crew. Compared to the other airline I flew from Fort Lauderdale to Costa Rica there really is no comparison. JetBlue gave me more in"
Jetblue - always a great experience!,"Love JetBlue - always a great experience. The flight was on time, the plane was clean, and the flight attendants were attentive - what more can you ask for?!?"
Very disappointed,"We planned a romantic getaway which started horribly with JetBlue. When we first received our seat assignments, we were not together. I was able to correct this on the initial flight from SLC to JFK, however, I had to pay for an upgrade in order to us to sit together from JFK"
"More Channels, More Entertainment.","JetBlue now has a wider variety of channels on Direct TV. This makes it possible to watch shows on Oxygen and Investigation Discovery for us adults, and Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network for younger travelers. But I still wish they'd serve more than just chips, pretzels, and"
No Gimmicks - Pick Your Specific Needs and Fly Stress Free,"With the multiple fly options and fares, you choose how you want to fly. Friendly staff, on time flight and easy check-in. If they fly there I choose JetBlue."
Always a Pleasure,"My husband and I are both large people. JetBlue by far has the best leg room in economy. I have flown many other domestic and international airlines and am always cramped and uncomfortable. Also, living in Massachusetts, there is always the options of flying from Logan or T. F."
Poor Communication and Customer Service,"My husband and I recently travelled from Boston to Chicago for a wedding and did not have the best experience with JetBlue. Our flight was supposed to depart at 7:25 a.m., and a few minutes before we were supposed to board we were told that our pilot had been rerouted and that"
I like this airline.,Flew this airline on many occasions without complications or serious delays. I will take JetBlue anytime over AA. Too bad JetBlue’s international destinations coverage is kind of small.
Nice flight experience.,"First time with Jetblue and was a positive experience. Check in was quick and efficient, plane was nice and clean and service was good."
JetBlue,"Mediocre. (at best) The FLL terminal left a lot to be desired. Dirty, crowded, hot and miserable terminal."
Terrible Customer Service,I tried to complete a change on my reservation to no avail. Ended up having to re-book on another airline. Lost the entire cost of my flight on Jet Blue.
Great Value for Short Flights,Love this airline for domestic short flights. Great service and love the free wifi. Never had an issue flying with apart for short delays.
No Complaints,"Cheap one way ticket to SFO. Got a Even More Space seat since I didn't purchase or select a seat at time of booking. Gate service was ok- the gate agents weren't very friendly, and seemed more annoyed than anything else. The onboard service was excellent, with the crew being"
Better Service...not,"Plane broke 3 hour delay. Only 1 drink and snack pass on a 4 1/2 hour flight. No turbulence, they certainly could have passed down the aisel with more to drink and snack on. They charge you for pillow, blankets and earphones. Why bother with the earphones, Entertainment"
Great airline,I flow with JetBlue many times very helpful staff great customer service and pilots I will keep flying with you for ever
Have had Good experientes só far,"Decided not to pay for extra leg room seats and did not regret because even in regular seats, leg room is pretty decent. Entertainment system is a plus with live TV."
As it should be,"We booked the seats with extra legspace, everything just workt like it should. Nice staff, Good plane and fair price! Thanks, and see you again."
"On time, as comfortable as economy class can be.","Sudden funeral over Mothers day weekend. Cost was unusually high because of last minute travel. Economy class isn't very comfortable. But you get what you pay for. Thankfully no crying babies, and the person next to me didn't occupy part of my seat. ! It was FREEZING cold. We"
Not able to check in for a confirmed flight,"I have never seen a worse airline in my life, on our way to Mexico after a 14hr trip from Dubai JetBlue refused us to board even though we had a paid for and confirmed flight, we were even there on time. Every staff member up until the check in counter had reassured us"
Great Service from Jetblue,Took this airline for a business trip and leisure trip with my family. Flight was amazing..seats are comfortable especially the Even more space seats. Customer service was great from the ticket counter and gate to inside the plane. Thank you for always caring up us little
More Legroom; Friendlier Service,"Having flown several airlines over the course of many years it appeared to my wife and I that the legroom in economy was getting increasingly smaller. Earlier this month we flew on JetBlue again as they have a non-stop to Austin. We were amazed at the amount of legroom we had,"
Always Great,It was actually my husband that took this flight as I was already in Florida. He departed Buffalo and had a short layover in Boston before making the final flight into Fort Myers. He said both flights were great and ahead of schedule too. Attendants were gracious and seats were
Need to better manage,"I generally like JetBlue, but this flight was poorly managed and btw many of the following comments go towards most airlines. We had 21, yes 21, wheelchair bound passengers. The gate staff never informed the passengers at the gate anything related to the physical room or the"
Vacation Flight Review,There was more leg room in Coach compared to the other airlines we have flown. The attendants were courteous and helpful. The flight was fully booked but not overbooked. The last time we flew the airline (not Jet Blue) had overbooked several of their flights. We weren't able
Better than expected,"We didn't have an expectation since our tickets where way cheaper than others. But we were pleasantly surprised, with great coffee and personal access to the snack cupboards. And tons of leg room in regular seating!"
A Consistent Airline,"Always like flying into Steward Airport. Close to Major highways and easily accessible. Very small airport and Blue has limited flights in/out of same. wherever you go it seems as if jetBlue crew members are always, pleasant, and helpful. There gate areas are always very"
Always Good,"As ever, JetBlue delivered a good flight with an on time departure. What sets them above the rest is their staff, the checkin at Portland was so friendly and professional it gave such a good impression of what JetBlue stands for."
"Fun, fast get-a-way","I have been on several long flights in the past six months. By far JetBlue has been the nicest flight yet. Their Flight Staff are extremely polite and professional. Their free snacks are endless in choice, very fresh and plentiful. Their FREE in-flight entertainment was the"
Best Airline Flying Today,"Flying these days is a mixed bag, no matter which airline you choose. Jet Blue comes the closest to providing a flight experience that is pleasant. It has the most legroom, comfortable seats and entertainment. All at a reasonable price. The stewards are all friendly and"
New York to New Orleans,Flight was okay. We were delayed both ways. Once due to weather and the return because of a mechanical problem with the flight coming from New York which you have no control over. The only problem with the return flight was that they changed the type of plane and everyones
New favorite airline,"Dont usually fly out of JFK so have never flown this airline before. Usually fly united or southwest out of EWR- Newark. Mind blown, lots of leg room easy boarding they do it right from back and inside out. full flight but still had some over head room. On time nice pilot"
Nervous anticipation as usual,"On our trip to Grenada we flew one of the only US carries to land on the Island The island has only a handful of international flights 3 or 4 daily. The airport has your typical Caribbean setup, we found only a half dozen customers when we arrived well in advanced of our"
TRAVEL TO NYC,"Smooth flight , as expected no thrills or whistles , decent flight , a bit delay but on this type of flights is the norm."
Failed Miserably,My first flight from Charlotte NC USA to New York was delayed because the Pilot called in sick. This caused 7 of us to miss our connection headed to Asia. Not only did we miss the flight and have to wait 8 hours for the next one. They never offered us any food vouchers and most
Best airline EVER!,"What a wonderful and easy trip! The JetBlue personnel are the best - knowledgeable, helpful, friendly, professional, courteous and mist of all welcoming. The aircraft was immaculate and much more roomy than others that we have flown with. Our two small dogs were treated very"
"Dependable Airline, Best Prices, Too Many PETS Allowed In The Cabin!","We always fly JetBlue, and even have their credit card, which earns points toward flights, which is a great bonus. So we support JetBlue all the time in that sense. Flying is dependable with JetBlue. The seats you pick, are always the seats you keep. Just once flying on"
Hassle Free Airline,"JetBlue is my preferred airline when traveling to California. Very polite and helpful ground crew and inflight crew. If you preboard the night before, going through the Preboard security line, there is no need to remove jackets or shoes."
Awesome Airline!,"I am always impressed with JetBlue airline. The staff are always friendly, and the airplanes are comfortable and have more leg room than some that I have been on They also offer snacks and beverages with lots of selection. Little things like this always go a long way when no"
Above and Beyond,"Jetblue is the only airline that I have traveled on that never disappoints. Accommodating our requests, excellent service, and a smooth flight."
The most terrible service.,"We were traveling with our family to Punta Cana vacation. On the way there JB delayed 2 hrs , our thoughts were it happens, but when we flew back, we were disappointed at all. When we came to airport, they told us that we will be delayed one hour, but it took us 3.5 hrs , then"
JET BLUE VACATION PACKAGES - SCAM!,"Jet Blue Vacations will tell you anything to get you to book, including that all taxes and fees are paid. Then you get your credit card and - surprise - fees are added that they should have covered. Avoid at all costs."
horrible customer service,"jetblue customer service refused to take my kitten on a connecting flight even after i offered to pay for their paw whatever service. the main booking airline agreed to take my pet, however jetblue refused to take it quoting the interline agreement and refusing to escalate this"
Very impresed!,"The best american airline. We realy enjoyed flighing jetblue. Friendly staff, everything was perfect, leg room omg!! Seat comfort? The best , wifi the best in the air , very clean very happy with food and beverage. We can say ... thank you jetblue"
Mrs,I had to fly to my country for my wedding anniversary. I missed the morning flight at 6:58 AM because of no customer service at the airport.I have waited for the 2nd flight that was a mess 1:39 but airplane arrived @2:15 .2:42 when I thought ready to leave they announced it will
JetBlue convenient to Colombia,"JetBlue has nonstop service to three cities in Colombia including an early morning flight to Medellin. The flight down was very friendly and pleasant, on-time, with excellent ground service at departure and arrival. The flight back seemed less relaxed, and cabin crew seemed"
Best Yet!,Friendly staff. Early boarding for retired vets. Easy check in. Arrived ahead of schedule. Will always check in the future to see if JetBlue goes where I want to be.
"Smooth ride, respectful of food allergies, comfortable flight!",We opted for the quicker direct Boston to Jamaica flight. Both ways were smooth and arrived early. We have a son with a nut allergy and this was his first time flying. I was a wreck but the staff notified the row in front and back of us in a respectful way to ensure his
Comfortable seats.. great leg room .. easy to fly with pets,JetBlue has great seats and the most legroom in economy. This is what their website says: Most legroom in coach based on avg. fleet-wide seat pitch of U.S. airlines. * DIRECTV and SiriusXM Radio™ service is available on flights inside the contiguous U.S.; Free Wifi is
flight pretty good but turbulent due to weather,Flew Jet Blue a few weeks ago to Fort Lauderdale FL. Was a fairly good flight but was some turbulent weather so pilot went over to gulf coast and then back over. Had rough landing due to weather. Will still fly Jet Blue as always been good.
Great Free Entertainment,"Jet Blue does great job of offering free live TV, wifi and movies. If you don't have a headphone you can buy a disposable one for a nominal price. Their boarding process is however a bit chaotic"
Jetblue is awesome,"I flew mint a couple weeks ago and i have to say i was impresed. The seat was comfy, The seats hardness could be costomized, had good legroom, bed was 6'8. Im not a fan of the 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 confuguration but its fine i was in seat 2 F And it was a suit the even number seats are"
Jetblue is awesome!,It was awesome! I listened to SiriusXM from the TVs and then I took out my mom's ipad and watched some youtube using Fly-Fi. The Seats reclined even though I was in one of the seats in front of the bathroom!
FLY JETBLUE,"The airline personnel were so friendly and helpful, it made it a joy to fly on this airline. The satellite tv helped to pass the time and the wifi allowed me to check my emails while travelling saving me lots of time."
JetBlue is a much better choice!,"JetBlue is so far superior to other airlines in every way! Employees are professional, helpful and kind. Seats are comfortable. Checking a bag was much easier than other airlines. I ended up paying far less than I did for a ticket on a ""discount"" airline."
Delayed but friendly service,"JetBlue flight from New York JFK - Portland,ME. Also flight from Portland to JFK. Both flight was delayed but I was not in hurry so it dosen't matter. Both flights was friendly service."
The Best Airline,"I have been flying Jet Blue for many years and have never encountered any problems whatsoever. With or without luggage, rates are reasonable and several options are available to customers for their luggage needs. Being disabled, every courtesy and assistance is offered to me,"
The Airline with a Human Touch.,"We did spend maybe a little more than the flat rate to get the ""Even More"" features. We use this Airline for our domestic destinations. We had some delays (not on this flight) but all of them were due to the weather causing chaos for everybody. Their choices about seat, way of"
always dependable,We have flown JetBlue many many times and we have yet to have a bad experience - yet to have a sub-par experience. The staff is always professional and pleasant. We arrive on time (most times a bit early). Never an issue with luggage and never been bumped or had a problem with
I always fly Jetblue when I can - extra help at the airport was awesome!,"Jetblue is always my airline of choice when available. When we Florida we were dreading handling all of our bags again, especially with a 4 1/2 year old. When we pulled the rental car up to the Jetblue entrance we were met outside by a man with a luggage cart. We had 6"
JetBlue Sucks Now!,"Jet Blue for the last year has hosted the majority of my domestic flights. I have traveled all over the world internationally and on cheap/ reasonable flights. I am not one to typically complain, however this airline in the last month has had more delays, cancellations, lost"
Very Nice Service,"I really like JetBlue to travel to and from Cuba. They let you take a 50 lbs bad under, a carry on and a personal item included in their price. Another plus is that they pretty much only use terminal number 3 at Havana which is the best one."
Always a great flight with jetBlue,"I have only once been truly disappointed in this airline, and they quickly made up for it by sending me a voucher for another flight. Otherwise, this is one of my standard go-to airlines. They usually have flights to where I want to go, most of the time a non-stop is available,"
Horrible experience,"First was booked on a flight that got delayed so many times I was going to miss my layover. So I was switched to a new flight, which was delayed 5 times and gates changed to the other side of the airport. It caused my family members to lose their rides home from the airport"
"Uneventful, on time","Flight was on time, attendants were great, seats were pretty comfortable. Food available for purchase a bit pricey. Flight was expensive, but we did book late."
Horrible; be careful with JetBlue.,Flight was incrementally delayed 4 times leaving SDQ and therefore missed the connecting flight and left us stranded in JFK overnight. We called JetBlue and no one seemed to be able to do anything...the only suggestion we were given is to submit a claim later and potentially
"Worst Airline, EVER","This was my first time traveling JetBlue and it was the worst experience. Firstly, the app would not allow me to check in, the terminal kiosk would not allow me to check it. Therefore, I was forced to stand in line to check in with an agent. Next my flight was delayed due to"
Comfy flight pt2,"Forgot to mention the onboard entertainment. Phenomenal, as a native english speaker. I don’t remember if there was options for or languages or subtitles, but I watched movies during the flight and there was a very good selection. For the most part, they were all movies that"
Comfy flight,"The leg space was great. I’m 5”9 and I’ve been on flights where my knees were unhappy, but with JetBlue, they were comfortable. Also have you ever noticed how cold you get on a flight? Not with JetBlue. I was warm and cozy, especially my feet, which I prefer to be free from"
Better than Expected,"I was blown away by this flight. I was expecting an uncomfortable no frills flight for the price that I paid. What I received was a comfortable, on-time flight, both ways, free drinks and snacks, and movies on individual seat back viewers. I do not know whether we received these"
JetBlue,The flight over was outstanding. They requested folks to stay sitting until we got off due to time landed was time to connect. We made our flight. We took off and landed without any problems. Return flight was a little rough getting out of Albuquerque. Sitting in plane little
"there was no flight. Was flying to Rochester for my son graduation, but Jet Blue cancelled the flight at 2 am.",Jet blue cancelled flight at the airport at 2 am. Was going to rochester for my sons graduation. Missed part of it.
Great Mint Experience,"What a great flight and product. The crew ere also fantastic, along with the food....the way in which the food was served was also interesting, with a selection of dishes. It was very tasty as well. The Mint seats are spacious and of course the TV screen with DirecTV, greta"
Better then other All in USA,"Best Airline in economical budget, They provide drink & snacks during flight foc,,, comfortable seats & good new plane , better then AA & United or other airlines,,,"
JetBlue-one great airline,"We flew from Richmond, VA toFt. Lauderdale and the flight was great. The staff was very friendly. The best asset was the leather seating with more room. It was very clean and seemed to have more leg room. Treats were served, having a choice between three items, and drinks with"
JETBLUE IS OKAY,JetBlue is an okay airline. I will rather to travel via Southwest. I am a business traveler (6-10 flights every two months). The planes are always dirty. They never clean the trays and the seat's pockets. Always issues with their Wi-Fi.
Always Excellent Flying!,"JetBlue is our top choice whenever we fly and luckily they service our favorite destinations. The planes are clean, comfortable seats and their on board service is excellent. The flight attendants are almost always pleasant and accommodating. A special shout out to Terry on"
Great Flight to Florida,"Had a great Flight from New York to Orlando, Flight crew was very nice and helpful as usual. Friendly staff also helps with getting to your location easier."
JetBlue is the way to go!,JetBlue’s extra leg room seats make all the difference in a flight. Not only can you board early but the extra room on a longer flight is worth it.
excellent,"ontime, service is very good, always you can asked if you have quesion, cleanliness is excellent, good customer service"
First Choice of Airline,Very smooth flight. On time both ways. No complaints. My first choice to fly Jet Blue if they fly to that destination. Free in-flight entertainment but you need to pay for the earphones.
Jet blue always,Jet blue is the best. Always on time. Very friendly and clean. Free movies and snacks!Very comfortable
Jetblue Mint Rocks!,"I love flying Jetblue Mint across the country. The beds are super comfortable, the inflight entertainment has everything you want to watch, the food is fresh and tasty and the flight attendants were wonderful."
Rarely Disappoints,"Great flight. Jet Blue is one of the best, morning noon or night. I've taken them all. They choosed the best of the best for this flight. Perfect flight. Have already made plans for another flight on Jet Blue ."
I LOVE JETBLUE!,This was our first Jetblue flight and we were surprised at how roomy and conmfortable we were. The time flew by because we could watch a movie or TV. Usually we fly Southwest but thought we'd give the Worcester Airport a try. What a relief not to have all the hubbub of a
Nice easy flight,"A nice simple flight. Around an hour and a half. As usual, the flight crew aboard JetBlue makes the flight a little more enjoyable. They are friendly and helpful."
Love this airline,"The flight was on-time, comfortable and the staff was very nice. My only issue is so many people bring carry-on that space is very limited, but that's not their fault. I'm usually the last few to get on because I hate crowds with initial boarding and there is limited space in"
Syracuse Airport is a disaster,"We love JetBlue, but our most recent flight meant having to go through Syracuse Airport. They currently doing major renovations, and have been since last summer. It is a war zone. The construction areas both inside and outside the building are extremely difficult to"
Ms. Rachelle Winterdal,We did travel with Jetblue with a group of 11 persons. We did travel Aruba to Ft Lauradale. Ft Lauradale to Las Vegas and return Las Vegas to Ft Lauradale and from Ft Lauradale to Aruba. I would like to compliment out male Flight Attandant. Unfortunaly I do not have his name.
Beware of their ‘out of our control’ policies,"First time flying with Jetblue, trying to save the company a few dollars. Started out great, ended badly. I was all about them, great flight and great amenities, until my return flight was delayed and at the end of it all I couldn’t get another flight for 12 hours AND out of a"
Great Flight Experience,I did enjoy fly on the JetBlue Airways on the both flights from IAD to JFK and then JFK to BUR. I think the flight attendant name is Keary and he seems nice and helpful during my flight from IAD to JFK. I was so thrilled to see that now it has a closed captions available on
Mint seat not super comfy,"We booked the Mint seats since they weren't all that expensive. Our flight was from 8:30 PM - 5AM. We did get a meal which was decent, and they did bring us a nice bag of wake up food, leaving it on our seat divider while we were sleeping. That was a nice touch. That part of"
Flying on JetBlue,This was our first-ever flight on JetBlue. We were very pleased in all aspects from boarding to arrival on both directions of the itinerary. Flights departed on time and arrived on schedule. Seats were in economy section and comfortable with plenty of leg room. Service was
scary,Scary and Pilot did not communicate to us about what was going on. A lot of people were screaming and feeling uncomfortable about this flight. I think communication between the crew and the passengers is very important.
Always happy with JetBlue,"JetBlue is very good for the price. Always on time, paying a extra few buck for the even more room is so worth it."
Not a Fan,"Our flight was changed leaving an 8 hour layover in Fort Lauderdale. Than the flight was delayed over an hour leaving Fort Lauderdale. It made for a long day. We were also hungry, and the stewardess allowed one snack per person and the drinks were puny compared to Delta. "
"Customer check in delayed, contract employee staffing","We chose Jet Blue for our recent trip to some National Parks. We flew into Las Vegas from Buffalo and paid extra for the ""Even More"" leg space as we are tall (worth it). All went well on that flight. At the end of a week we exited the Grand Canyon and drove to Phoenix to fly"
Scary flight,"Worst flight I have ever been on in my 75 years of flying. I had a lay over in Long Beach on my way to Las Vegas for a family reunion. We hit a few turbulence like you do when flying. That did not bother me, it was the landing in LB that scared not only me, but even the men"
JetBlue airline,"I flew on a JetBlue plane for the first time on a recent trip to California. It was an all around pleasant experience! The check-in was easy and the staff was friendly and helpful. On the plane, the aisles were bigger and there was more room in the seats, and between the rows."
Comfortable and smooth,Lots of leg room. Pleasant surroundings. Snacks offered at no cost. Flight was on time. Hostesses were friendly and attentive . Had movies and tv to watch . P
pleasant crew,"Really nice trip. For a few dollars more, got to stretch out with more leg room. Service was excellent. The plane took off and landed on time. All you could ask for in a flight for only $121.00 one way. What a treat!"
Overnight Flight,We had one issue which was locating the JetBlue representatives at the airport which is very crowded and very chaotic. There were no signs for JetBlue at checkin. Luckily we had arrived early
Best Flight Ever,"I love JetBlue; I've always loved JetBlue. Unfortunately, where we live (Syracuse, NY) and where we travel don't often accommodate travel on JetBlue so it's been a while since we've flown with them. This flight was a reminder of all the things I like about this airline. Their"
"Not a good airline, inconsiderate prices & reps.",Be warned. If you think buying tickets in advance will save you money- IT WILL NOT. I bought tickets more than a month in advance expecting it to be the lowest price for this specific flight/time. I checked the flight 1 week later and the price went down significantly. I
Jet Blue keeps up its Low Cost High efficiency Approach,"Efficient, lowfares, great staff. T-5 at JFK is easy to manage, great food and drink selections. See Anne-Marie at the bar"
diverted-luckily!,JetBlue thinks that its PDX - BOS route is seasonal. It isn't. It is just that JETBLUE's planes are too busy flying to Florida and the islands during the winter to fly their nonstops between Portland and Boston. So you have to connect somewhere and JFK is one possible
Great flight,"I always liked JetBlue and they didn’t disappoint me this time bringing me to my flight to Tel Aviv. Plane was clean, boarding was quick."
nice flight home,got the seats i picked lots of leg room me and the family were seated together like i asked the crew was excellent flight was great first time on Jetblue..
"Like a Bus - Easy, Reliable, Simple","JetBlue is an easy budget airline to fly with. Prices are reasonable, but (unlike some European airlines) you don't 'pay' for that discounted price with poor service and discomfort. Polite service, snack and a soft drink, and a bit of leg room. The app and the website work. "
"Good airplane, terrible app","I was very satisfied with my first experience with JetBlue. I had a round trip to/from Curacao from JFK and neither flight was delayed whereas every other airline I've ever flown have almost always had delays at least one way. The plane seemed a little old, but was roomy. They"
Not the norm,Have always been a loyal JetBlue customer. Our flight from Vegas left about 1.5 hours late our pilot assured us that he could make most of it up in the air. We had a connection to Burlington at 7:30 am. We landed at 6:55 am they told us they notified the connection and they
Consistently great flights,"Flew out of San Juan, after a Norwegian cruise. The island was recovering from the big hurricane. The airport was running pretty well, and didn't appear that the hurricane did much to slow down the staff. Got off on time, and had a great flight back to Boston. Always a"
Last to be Served,Great service and Smooth Flight paid extra to upgrade to Row 1 but served last because they now serve from the back of the plane. So that means that cheap ticket gets served first. They just started this new service and it sucks. Other that that it is a great value for a cheap
Nice Surprise,"The wIring area was too small for the number of people on the flight and I didn't know by needed to go up to the counter to be assigned a seat but I was pleasantly surprised by the actual flight. First of all it was on time. Being an evening flight, I expected it to be delayed."
Nice quick flight,Always a nice and quick flight to S. Florida with no interruptions. The NY base staff were friendly and informative.
Always a Pleasure,"JetBlue is my ""go to"" airlines - won't fly anyone else in the U.S. Wish they would to go Europe - I might fly more! But they're perfect for my States flights. Even if not always on time, I've not had an unpleasant experience."
My flight from SJU to SLC connecting in JFK,Jetblue is one of the top economy carriers in USA. Service is very good and flight attendants are helpful and friendly. Seats are comfortable even on economy.
Going to a graduation,We had a great flight and the flight attendants we quick and friendly. Our flight was a bit delayed but they flight crew did a great job of getting us to our destination almost on time. The seats were comfortable and the in flight entertainment was great. Always love having my
Changed our Flight and didn't reimburse us the extra coast of the flight time we chose and paid more for.,I am very disappointed in JetBlue. I booked flights with my husband a few weeks ago to go from SAN to BOS in August. In selecting our flight back from BOS to SAN we paid over $100 more in order to have a flight that left BOS around 9:30AM instead of 7:00AM so we could say
Vacation Fin and Flying,The flight was excellent and the staff was experienced and friendly I would travel JetBlue anywhere that they go. I was on first class and that was awesome
GREAT FLIGHT,Nice friendly people very smooth flight great landing flight on time departure and early arrival great flight
Vacation,"My wife and I have flown many airlines but we think JetBlue is one of the best always clean and you can upgrade to an assigned seat that you pick on their website unlike southwest that you cannot get an assigned seat, you need to pay extra for early boarding and still don’t have"
Nice Flight,"We had a very good overall experience on this flight. Seating was comfortable by today’s standards. There was plenty of leg room. The flight attendants helped to make the ride pleasant even though several,passengers were grousing about the way luggage was handled in the"
JetBlue to SF,"I'd fly JetBlue To San Francisco every time. Seating is comfortable. I'm 5'4"" and I've flown other airlines and not had enough leg room."
Non stop to Disney,"With all the construction at Regan this early am flight was a breeze... left on time and arrived early to destination. Free movies, tv and entertainment."
Bible Museum and Williamsburg,"I have been told how good Jet Blue is, so this was our first trip with them. They loaded before time and departed on time. The crew was very helpful and nice. Seats comfortable and more legroom than the other economy class flights on other airlines. It was a round trip. I would"
The flight to Cancun on Jet Blue was perfect!,"I like Jet Blue for good service, comfort seats, and on time flights! The flight was very good, also the fly up and the landing where very smooth. The checked luggage came out through the carousel in a short time. I use Jet Blue very often."
Nonstop Boston to Denver,"Easy, comfortable flight. movies and tv and snacks. No problems! Friendly service and early arrival time!"
Lost Items,I flew on Jetblue in the middle of March 2018 and when I arrived at my hotel I discovered that a brand new pair of ladies Clark's sandals and prescription medication for my elderly dog were missing. When I returned home after my trip I searched everywhere thinking I may have
Do not book Jet Blue/Singapore Airlines combination,Singapore Airlines cooperates with JetBlue on flights from the US to Europe/Asia. JetBlue brings you to JFK and then the trip continues with Singapore Airlines. I have now missed my Singapore Airlines flight twice due to JetBlue having significant delays (>2 hours) into JFK.
A good replacement for American Airlines !!!!,"I used to like American but they got too big and d=o not care about their passengers. I had previously written about American being a great airline, but no more. Jet Blue has better customer service. Their reservation agents actually care about their passengers and make the"
On time flights,Our flight was on time and the staff curtious and efficient although no one smiled. Our seats were comfortable and we enjoyed the complementary TV and snack. Our checked luggage came out through the carousel quickly. I would definitely recommend Jet Blue
Travel Abroad,"I have never flown JetBlue, but after today I would strongly recommend the airlines. The customer service that we received this morning at the Pittsburgh airport was outstanding. My daughter along with a friend - both 19 - checked in to their flight to Lima, Peru for a 6 week"
Love JetBlue,I have never had a problem with a JetBlue flight. This time I was happy to be able to select from a wide range of movies (new and old) and tv shows. Plus I like that I can toggle back and forth on their view screens to see how far we are on the flight. On the way to Aruba the
Dependable with Polite Service,"Treated myself to a Disneyland vacation flying into Long Beach. LGB is my favorite southern California airport due to its size, style, ease of access to car rental, and minutes from the beach. Flight on JetBlue was comfortable with great service. Snagged a great price flying"
On time; spacious seats; pleasant staff,I just love JetBlue - staff have always been kind and courteous. There is more space with their seats. Our flight was on-time and I love how they board the back of the plane first (after all of the special purchases). They offered a nice selection of movies and tv options
The best airline for domestic/short-haul travel in economy. Worth extra money.,"I have flown JetBlue many times - from both LaGuardia and JFK airports - to various destinations in Florida and to Cancun, Mexico. You get free wife, nice seats, reasonable leg room, nice in-flight entertainment and the planes are usually quite nice and clean (either Airbus"
Nover Again,"I am Mosaic. I have been since 2013. This is the last time forever. Rude, unhelpful Tarik at gate 6 (Long Beach on 4/4/18). Rude obnoxious Elain at gate 8. Manager Maria was professional and helpful as a manager or acting for supervisor should be. Over 500 flights. Done"
"A safe, short flight.",Weather conditions in NY delayed our departure. We were kept up to date by the terminal staff who when ready expedited our boarding as quickly as possible. We sat further back in the plane than we normally do and thought we would not be comfortable but found it acceptable for
Decent but not great,"Decent flight. Good service and communication, but timeliness was a challenge on the return flight from SJU. Overall good flight, good snacks and drinks, decent legroom and communications. No Wifi and inflight entertainment sucked."
MCO-SJO,"Comfortable, easy non-stop flight. Fit our needs perfectly and started our vacation nicely. Even customs wasn’t bad"
JetBlue 1914,Although the flight was late getting to Cancun and left late it was absolutely the best flight I have had in a long time. The flight crew was great. The lead flight attendant named Aaron was the best. He had the whole plane laughing for pretty much the whole flight. He needs to
Vacation,"Pleasant flight in both directions. Unlimited snacks and beverages. Courteous staff. Full flight both ways. The airport staff was attentive since my wife needed a wheelchair. Very professional. However, the price of snacks at the airport was high."
our Flight,On our flight to NAS I was surprised because it was an older plane and seats were pretty tight. The return was awesome great flight and spacious.
Flight was AMAZING,Loved loved loved my flight. First time on JetBlue and let me tell you worth every penny. This is my go-to airline from now on. Flight attendants were so friendly. The seats comfy. The bathrooms clean. Individual waters given and yummy snacks offered and plenty of leg room.
Excellent flight home from Cartagena,"I'm generally a big fan of Jetblue. The flight from Cartagena to NYC was easy and quick. I like their snacks, especially the terra chips."
Great flight to Cartagena,I'm generally a big fan of Jetblue. New clean planes. Comfortable seats. Great value. Tasty snacks. The flight left on time and was seamless.
good,"nice service, friendly staff, the legroom ist enough, free drinks and snacks are good nice in flight entertainment"
Great experience,Always a great experience with JetBlue. The seats are comfortable for the long flight and my wife loves the movies shown which are current. This being said she was dissapointed on our flight back #773 that had choices for much older movies. The personel are always welcoming
First-Rate Flight,"As I have done in the past, I flew JetBlue into Long Beach Airport recently. Although the flight was late departing, we did make up time in the air. The channels on the TV at my seat location would not change channels, however, by the time I had checked into approximately"
First time flying JetBlue.,First time flying JetBlue. Flight was on time for both departure and landing to my destination. Airline was clean and staff courteous. Would recommend definitely. Better than Delta and American Airlines.
Pleasure and Business,Jetblue always seems to satisfy my needs in such an incredible manner. Wonderful crew members on every flight. Continue the amazing work Jetblue family.
Best flight experience we've ever had!,"Best experience my husband and I have ever had. We do quite a bit of travel. This was our 1st time with JetBlue. The staff were kind and had great attitudes. They all were joyful, personable and hard working. They went above and beyond. We could sense the staff had a lot of"
Great Airline,"First time flying JetBlue, and it was a great experience. The flight was right on time and all the flight attendants were polite and professional. Really liked that all the seats had their own monitors, and they had a good selection of snacks and drinks! Hopefully will be flying"
Sweet,"I’ve been using JetBlue for a long time. And I can say they haven’t disappointed me at all. Everyone gave me what I needed, attended me kindly. I totally recommend this airline."
Everything went as scheduled.,"Our Second International trip to Aruba, No delays and the entire staff on trip down and return couldn't be any nicer. The in flight entertainment helps make the 4 1/2 hour trip really go by much faster. I highly recommend the Jet Blue credit card. Jet Blue is by far my favorite"
No Wifi and No Food,Wow! This flight experience shouldn't happen with this airline and I was completely disappointed in the Jet Blue brand afterwards. We were taking a 5 hour flight in the early morning to JFK in New York and the cabin service was perfunctory and inattentive at best. We were
Flying JetBlue,We have never traveled with Jet Blue before and overall it was not bad. We had some issues with online confirming our payment for luggage and it was somewhat frustrating to confirm that we had already paid once for the piece of luggage and then had to wait to have the extra
Customer,"honestly, I wish there was an option to leave a big fat ZERO because their customer service is absolutely TERRIBLE. I was trying to extend my flight to stay with my sister because her 7 month old baby was sick and she needed the help while her and her husband were away on"
Worst airline ever,Being a business traveler and on flights with many different carrier's throughout the world... JetBlue has never failed to be the worst... Especially flying out of JFK... Nobody knows baggage fees as one quotes 20 dollars first bag ( as this was the case last year she says)
Good value and service,"JetBlue is usually above average for a commercial airline, The check-in is easy and you can add on TSA Pre-check for a small cost. They board the planes very efficiently by loading form back to front which makes so much sense. Planes are clean and attendants are courteous. Part"
Great service,"JetBlue runs a non-stop Buffalo-to-Fort Lauderdale every morning, 7:30 AM - 10:30 AM. For us Western New Yorkers who need a break from our winter weather, this schedule is terrific ... early-morning departure in the cold and snow, lunch on, or near, the beach. JetBlue's"
Very good value for the $,"Since moving to east coast from seattle I have do the majority of my flying on jet blue. Very comfortable seats. Good inflight entertainment system. Bargain pricing compared to delta, SWA, Alaska etc"
nice flight,Great Flight.. comfortable we went to business class better leg room.. only complaint was that on a 5 and half hour flight they did not serve or sell meals that they had on their menu. They had these warm box snacks that had cheese and nuts.. they were ok. But for that
"Clean (and new) planes, great Wifi, good service.","I recently took JetBlue from JFK to LAX for business and it was a most pleasant experience. The check in process was normal, apart from the fact that they had kiosks that were produced in the last millennium, so they worked a little faster. Onboarding process was routine - usual"
"Fast, friendly service on the way to Disneyland","My wife and I have flown on this flight twice in the past year. The check-in line was short and the staff was exceptionally friendly. The folks at the gate were actually smiling. We boarded the flight and we noted that the plane was clean. We had a flawless flight and, of"
"On time,","JFK, Jet Blue to SRQ is back and loving it! We much prefer JFK rather than LGA! Our flt. was as usual perfect service, hoarding a little different but seems like it's working and most important arrive safe and on time ! Thank you Jet Blue and your staff"
Helpful Staff - Clean Airplanes - And On Time,"I have spent a lot of years flying both domestic and international airlines. However, I have only recently flown JetBlue for the first time. My daughter has raved about the airline for ages. Well I must say, I thought I was on a foreign airline. Why because unlike the remaining"
Delays,"We've flown JB for many years but as of the last few they seem to have too many delays, when you have connecting flights it can be a problem. On our recent trip to St Martin switching planes in JFK both coming and going we had delays, going we had to wait because some of the"
Changing planes after being loaded up!,Jet Blue has been our favorite airline for years. On 4/25/18 we were on Flt 506 departing 10 AM. The arriving plane was late coming in. So we boarded late and was ready to take off sometime after 11:30 AM. They kept announcing they had to make a small repair. After another
"As usual, great flight","I flew JetBlue to San Diego for work, and as always, really enjoyed it. Their terminal at JFK is very comfy and lovely. Their planes are new, have live tv and movies, and the seats are comfortable. Staff is super kind. They serve unlimited free snacks and free wifi."
Consistently a positive experience,"This is an airline that has never disappointed me when I travel. The employees are courteous, helpful and professional in their demeanor. There have been few flight departure delays and when there has been a delay, the JetBlue staff have always been responsive with updates."
Video or head phone plugs not working,In the Last 3 months we have flown over 8 flights when the Video or Head phone plugs do not work. The last flight the Wi Fi did not work and neither the volume control. They had to reset the video 3 times and still a lot of folks had no video. Told now 4 times that we would get
Great!,"Wow! First time flying JetBlue but it won't be the last. The seat comfort and legroom were great - I'm 6'4"" and rarely have enough room for my legs. Free wifi and great movies/TV."
Very good flight overall.,"Had a nice flight from Worchester MA to Fort Lauderdale, FL. Slight delay leaving but time was made up during the flight down. If sitting in front of the emergency seats, be aware that they do not recline. Jet Blue does have the in flight TV that is a really nice option. Just"
JetBlue Surprise,"We chose JetBlue because of price, actually none of us had ever flown with them before. We were all pleasantly surprised!! The first segment featured a new, state-of-the-art aircraft which was cool and had all the bells and whistles, while the second segment was an older type"
LOVE JETBLUE,"JetBlue is the best we love them so much we search for vacations by there they fly. The seats are comfortable, they have free WIFI and DirectTV, you can bring your own ear buds of they have them for $5. The planes are clean! They do not feel filthy or smell dirty. They let my"
very nie airline,Would recommend Jetblue any day. My only complaint is that I was unable to complete the online check in although I had filled out the API and given my global entry number when booking my flight. According to customer service which I then contacted Jetblue wants to actually see
A professional airline doing an excellent job,"I have flown Jetblue a few times because the value they offer for the price is outstanding. The planes have always been spotless, the crew friendly and helpful. Comfy seats, free help yourself snacks, movies, wi-fi and plenty of legroom."
Skip it if possible,"Our flight was delayed 1 hour due to not enough flight attendants available. Another flight going out of the same terminal was delayed due to no pilots. These announcements were made over the loudspeaker. What is going on here?!? It's a bit frightening. On the monitor,"
best airline,"Jetblue is the best airline to fly. They offer ""more room"" seats which are better but you have to pay an upgrade of $55 which is too much."
Wonderful Flight,Seats are very comfortable. I picked my seat when making my reservation and did a early check in for my bags which meant I didn't have to stand in a long line. You also have the option of plugging your phone in to charge it. They have TV's on the back of each seat. Very
"For the most part, we think this is the best domestic airline hands down.","Jetblue has comfortable seats, good legroom (even for coach), and personal TV's -- the newer planes (a321) have a better channel assortment and it is touchscreen. Another big plus is the free wifi, although streaming will be limited to Amazon Prime (so if you do not have Prime,"
Good clean comfortable and entertaining,"Very clean and comfortable seats _ we paid for extra legroom - good inflight service - would have given them 5 stars but the return flight was a little late - excellent crew, Aaron was very entertaining!"
"The flight was okay, but Lagurdia????","I was in the area for a wedding but the trip home was the trek thru hell. First, someone backed into my rental car. Then, the tunnel was closed due to a multi-car accident. Then I had to detour over the 59th street bridge. Manhattan traffic was terrible - on a Sunday"
JetBlue should be changed to JokeBlue,"We booked a last minute JetBlue vacation package. Once we arrived at JFK Airport, the line was approximately fifty people deep. Eventually we made it to the JetBlue window. The “new employee” looked lost. He informed our family that the gate was closed and we could not board the"
Wonderful flight,"We always fly Jet Blue to Aruba and we upgrade our seats to More Space. The flights had no issues, we were just delayed 3 hours to take off. But they notified us by text so we had more time at our hotel. Not an inconvenience at all."
An unexpectedly great trip!,"What a wonderful set of flights! The JetBlue staff should be commended on making flying a treat. I fly quite a bit, but until this trip, I had never flown Jetblue. Let's start at the beginning. The bag check in- Automated kiosks are one thing, but JetBlue has a real live person"
Minty Trip to Barbados,"We flew on the new Mint service from JFK to Barbados not sure what to expect. Our expectation of US business / first class air travel is very low because the quality is typically low. This is not the case with the Mint class on Jetblue. The beds (yes beds!), inflight"
Love Flying Je6Blue,Flying JetBlue to my homeland is always a pleasure. Every time we land on the Island the whole cabin celebrates with cheers and applause representing a pleasant and safe trip home. Their service and courtesy is always professional and pleasant.
JetBlue flights,"The plane was adequate (it felt like tight quarters)...snacks were served during the flight at no cost (you did have the option of purchasing different snacks). We hit a bit of turbulence at one point, but the pilot informed us it was going to occur, so it was no alarming. The"
Flight to TCI,"Great flight to TCI! Sat( ironically) near a family from our town, talked most of the flight. Flight actually arrived 1/2 hour early, too! Gotta love JetBlue!"
"Efficient, nothing out of the ordinary","JetBlue states more leg room and it was comfortable for me, 5'4"". I live in Florida and was pleased the get a nonstop flight."
Very disappointing customer service,"For the past 10 years, I have traveled several times a year on JetBlue. I have been very happy with their service, for the most part, up until this past week. I booked a flight to visit my daughter and granddaughter in NC she is pregnant, she has a three year old and her"
Check what kind of Airplane,"OK: Way there - Very nice Monitor - very interactive - I was able to watch 2 movies Way back - Older plane - not very nice monitor - the attendant had me ""kick"" the connection to get it back on - that lasted for 3-4 minutes and the it was off again - never check back - did not"
Love JetBlue,"The flight was 10 minutes delayed but made up time on flight. This was my first time flying JetBlue and I will take this airplane again. I sat in economy , the seats were comfortable and there's was plenty of leg room. The attendant were friendly"
"First time with JetBlue, hopefully not my last","Traveled SEA to BOS recently and received an upgrade seat to an economy plus ('even more space' is the airline moniker). This was as pleasant as business class travel. Our flight was almost capacity, we loaded and left on time. The crew were personable and seemed to really enjoy"
Amazing and caring airline,We haven't flown JetBlue in several years and was pleasantly surprised at how helpful and caring all of the JetBlue staff was. We had one canceled flight and another delayed all due to weather issues. They bent over backwards to help us book new flights and even in the
Consistently Great Flying Experience,"When flying in the domestic US, jetblue is always first choice. Especially traveling with the kids. Great airline. Polite flight attendants. Great experience for the kids. I know they have occasionally suffered some public relations issues but trust me, I've flown a lot of"
Delayed by 2.5 hours,It was a 7pm flight that was delayed. They didn’t warning far enough in advance so I was at the airport when I received an email. Would have preferred to stay in a bar/ cafe while I waited.
Attitude Adjustment Needed,"I love Jet Blue! The seats in Economy really are a little extra spacious and the individual seat back entertainment makes the time fly by, but what happened to the cheerful attendants? Unfortunately, they missed this flight. Disgust was exhibited, more than once from an"
Flight,"Great flight, clean plane. Communication from pilot & staff informative. Flight attendants were very nice, polite. Very welcoming."
"No complaints, direct flight from MCO to EWR","You get a drink of choice(non-alcoholic) and a snack. It was a direct flight, I honestly cant say anything bad, every seat had the mini TV where you could watch TV or movies. Simple flight, would recommend."
"Always fly Jet Blue, best customer service","After flying several airlines, I now only fly Jet Blue. They're standard coach seats are bigger than most other airlines, the have free WiFi, and when you shop on Amazon you can also accrue more air points for your Jet Blue account. Also, I've had to change my flight before"
Back to Genada,"Good service, although nothing exceptional. Flight was on time. Excellent connection at JFK. We were delayed in Burlington due to power failure next to airport. The attendant at the JetBlue counter in Burlington was exceptionally kind and helpful and made an unpleasant and"
No Complaints,Flight from Santo Domingo to San Juan was quick and no issues on the flight. First time with JetBlue and overall no issues. Baggage allowed was easy to understand and no additional costs.
Always a pleasure!,"JetBlue is one of a small number of airlines which travels regularly to St. Maarten. When travelling to SXM this airline would always be my first choice. Leg room is wonderful, staff is great, lots of good t.v. and movies to help pass the time. Travelling via JFK is seldom a"
Horrible experience flying JetBlue from Charleston to Boston,"After over several delays over 6 hours, JetBlue cancelled the flight. I lost two days and had to spend an additional $250.00, (hotel and taxis). Terrible customer service."
"Ya Now, You Have To Give Them Credit When They Do It Write","I have traveled the world on almost every major carrier for both business and pleasure. I have kind of given up on the United, American and Delta group because they and their service just seems so ""old school"" and ""uninterested"". There is a very young and accommodating vive to"
Excellent flights!!,Our flights both ways were excellent!! We had great service during both flights! The pilots were excellent!!
Always pleased with the flights I have been on,JetBlue provides great service in quality aircraft. They are my airline of choice. Their fares are affordable. Check in with their app is very easy.
Even more room all the way,Easiest domestic check in ever. Do it yourself computers hat are easy to use. Upgraded to even more space so over head baggage was available free luggage check in comfy seats and lots of leg room. I would recommend upgrading it makes all the difference.
Pretty good Carrier,"They have pretty good service. And I was satisfied with the selection of In flight Entertainment. They make it easy to add frequent flyer miles and will actually do it for you. But they should announce complimentary snacks, because they also sell snacks for purchase, so it can"
Easy. To fly,We flew RT BWI to FLL to CTG. Flights were on time both ways. Seats are leather and comfortable. Snacks and beverages are free (except alcohol). There is a layover in Ft Lauderdale but an opportunity to grab a bite and use a full size restroom. FLL is busy. We had smooth air and
Direct to Dulles,"Flying JetBlue is always an excellent experience. The flight.left Boston on time and landed a bit early. The crew was warm and welcoming with no apparent rush. After the safety instructions, the flight attendants got to work with drinks and snacks. After a smooth flight, and the"
Always a pleasure,"Without a doubt, Jetblue is always a pleasure to fly. My husband and I love the TV and satellite they offer. Everyone is always so friendly. We use our Jetblue mastercard to earn free air miles which makes it inexpensive as well. We have tried all airlines, and have decided"
Fast and Smooth,"The flight took less than three hours. It was a smooth flight and the flight attendants were personable and friendly. A snack and a non-alcoholic drink is given. if you want something more substantial, you will need to purchase it. There is more legroom in the first five rows"
Cattle car boarding process,So I like flying jet blue airlines I do not like their boarding process now which involves boarding by groups versus previously by rear of the plane. I personally do not understand how they determine which group you are in find it to be confusing and extends the tone of
Clean and comfortable,The seats were clean leather instead of dirty material and the choice of entertainment was well above average. The only problem on both of my flights was being unable to watch the Direct TV that they tout so highly. Flight attendants were nice and responsive. The flight
5 hour flight to Florida,JetBlue is hands down the best domestic airline I've ever had the privilege of flying. The rumors about their wonderful service and superior flight experience are absolutely true. Pros: - Ample Legroom - FREE in-flight entertainment with a diverse selection to choose from
Mint Experience,What a different product then other airlines - the seats are well configured - the service is exceptional . Great crew - and indeed very helpful . And the other greatest advantage is that the fare is much cheaper than American or United . Highly recommended to try the service .
More space on long flight,"Paid the extra fee for ""more space"" and it was well worth it...JetBlue is always our first choice because of the competitive fares and comfortable seating configurations."
Good-bye Jet Blue,"If the CIA ever needs a new torture device, they should check with Jet Blue as their new seats would definitely qualify. NEVER fly seat 6A on their new A351s as the seat, next to the emergency exit, is devoid of cushioning and the sore on my backside is proof. For years now my"
Takes the Human Element out of Customer Service.,Unfortunately my experience today was quite poor. I attempted to check in for my flight a day before hand. After submitting my details I was sent to a page stating there was a problem and I wasn’t able to check in. I arrived to the airport and waited in line to speak to an
First-rate Flight,"Enjoyed our direct flight from Albany to Fort Lauderdale. Love that Jet Blue offers a non-stop to Fort Lauderdale. On time departure from ALB and early arrival @ FLL. Friendly, courteous staff. Comfortable seating without paying for extra legroom. DirecTV is always a plus. "
Best plane ride,"Clean plane, friendly, kind, funny, flight attendants. My first time flying with Jet Blue. I will continue flying with them."
I use them as much as I can,"I price check a LOT and always seem to fly with Jet Blue, and when you book your flight it is what you choose. I booked a flight on another airline, and it had a cheaper flight than JetBlue, but when I went in to choose a seat ALL the seats had additional fees, I laughed may"
Amazing crew,Our flight had a half hour delay . But the amazing crew handled everything with professionalism and patience.
delayed flight by 3 hours,"Flew from Fort Lauderdale, FL to Albany, NY. The flight was delayed by 3 hours with no explanation. Also, the gate was changed and we were unaware of this change until I noticed it on the board. We enjoyed the tv's on the seatbacks, as well as the snacks served on the flight."
Excellent Customer Service...,"We booked our flight at the end of the summer last year. We planned a trip to a resort in Puerto Rico. Flying out at the end of November, returning mid December. Unfortunately, while traveling in Europe we learnt that hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. From all the reports it"
Pleasant Flying,"As always, JetBlue meets and exceeds all expectations. Jetblue staff are courteous, planes are clean and modern, flights are on time. The list is endless. The movies are free on international flights, which is a huge plus as well."
Return flight disappointing,I always fly Jet Blue. We get bumped ( flight times)100 % of the time just before our trips. Which has been frustrating as we book times that work for us! This time return flight I was informed that our TV Row) was out of order and was offered to move seats. We were six people
Always Good Always Friendly,"As usual Jet Blue offers very few surprises. An easy on, friendly greetings, a good amount of overhead space and more economy legroom than other airlines. The captain and crew kept the updates coming with a light sense of humor. The round trip was good."
No entertainment,"Check in at airport was efficient. Plane was on time, but JFK is a busy airport to be flying out of. We waited a while to take off. TV/entertainment system was not functioning. Staff said we would have WiFi but it did not work half the time. I appreciate the snacks. Seats were"
Great Flight on JetBlue,Smooth enjoyable flight. On time and watched a few movies which were no cost. Flight attendants were a pleasure to deal with.
Another good experience on Jet Blue,We recently took a Jet Blue flight from JFK to Albuquerque to see our niece. I travel by air a lot and I find the service on Jet Blue to be among the best. This trip didn’t disappoint. I don’t usually pay for extra leg room but because we had a red eye I decided to pay the
Great flight and great service,Staff was wonderful and put my nervous son at ease. Very much an accommodating and polite staff. Tv in front of each seat had enormous number of movies!!
Will fly again,"I took around-trip in economy from JFK to Montego Bay. This was my second time flying JetBlue and so far I like them. The flight attendants seem more personable, the flights departed on-time, they were not oversold, I had good leg room and the airfare was appropriately price. I"
Easy trip to Aruba and back...,"We use long term parking, catch the tram to terminal 5, did self check in and got our luggage tags, then went through security. Flight was smooth, and on time. Coming back through the two customs check points took over two hours. Flight was delayed 30 minutes, a little bumpy,"
Met all our needs,We took spirit going to Fort Lauderdale and they nickel and dimes for everything... which was fine but when we took JetBlue home they’re prices were way less than Spirit’s AND we got more for our nickels and dimes. Bag was only 25$.... there was a full table-tray... and there
Discount airlines.,Nowadays all airlines give you minimal service and Nickle and dime you for everything else. JetBlue is no different. They still offer a beverage and a snack but barely. Gone are the days of good service. If you want to travel to any destination you've got to compare prices
Great aircraft !,I loved jet blue ! They were on time and we did pay for extra leg room which was a plus Their planes are clean and the stewardess was very nice A very enjoyable flight to which now I will always fly jet blue They keep their aircrafts clean and up to date I feel very safe flying
"Great flight, great service !!","Can’t complaint, very good service, unlimited snacks and drinks, good fight, crew was very polite and professional."
"My favorite airline for service, benefits and on-time flights.","Our flight left on time as usual. The crew was incredibly friendly, the wifi was free as were snacks. I fly Jetblue whenever possible."
Jet Blue's mint service will blow you away!,As we live in San Diego we are used to being treated like a second class destination by other airlines on transcon flights - you get elevated service to LA but not to San Diego - all that goes away when you chose Jet Blue's mint service. They are fantastic. The seats are great -
Don't buy Seat Upgrades,"Booked a flight on JetBlue with seat upgrades (window $157 for both ways) to San Diego for major business conference. Conference was canceled three weeks before flight. I canceled the flight and received a credit less $100 for another JetBlue flight. However, after multiple"
Good experience except for the 2 hour maintenance issue delay!,"My husband and I were impressed by jetBlue as we had never traveled with this airline before. The staff was polite and efficient, and we didn't feel as squished as on other airlines (then again it could just be our imagination...) The only trouble we had was on a return flight"
Great airline,"I love JetBlue. It's pretty much the only airline that I fly on. You could keep Delta on United. If I absolutely have to use any of them,I almost want to cancel my trip."
"Jet Blue flight WA, DC to Buffalo","Courteous staff, reasonable fare, gate locations close to each other regarding connecting flights :)"
Easy Peasy Trip to the Big Apple,"Air travel usually involves some type of drama. Our roundtrip to New York using Jetblue was drama free. From check-in and boarding to the drama-free flight and quickly getting our checked luggage back in hand, Jetblue provided another no-nonsense, friendly ride to our"
First time with jetBlue,Usually make this trip on Southwest but jetBlue flight times were more convenient and competitively priced. Was very pleased with service from check in through the flight. Seat and leg room was very comfortable. Flights each was were on time or a little ahead of schedule. On
We had a great flight to Raleigh NC and the flights were on time each way.,"The crew was professional on our flights on each leg of the flight, the flight was smooth and on time each way... The plane was clean and I would definitely travel with JetBlue in the future."
Always professional and comfortable,"I love JetBlue. Whenever provided the opportunity, I use this airline. Although not 100% perfect, it is consistent. I paid $70 extra for the extra leg room and thought it was worth it on the flight from Boston to NOLA. The return flight wasn't as spectacular as the weather was"
Disappointed and dissatisfied!,"This flight was the last on a long journey from Johannesburg to Detroit. When we arrived in Philadelphia we were facing a five hour layover, but there was another JetBlue flight leaving for Detroit in an hour and a quarter. When we went to the JetBlue counter to try to make the"
Delayed 5 hrs!!!!,Worst airline ever. Delayed 5 hrs and the crew says it’s due to weather in ft lauderdale. But I called family in ft lauderdale no such thing. No compensation no nothing!
great prices and good service,on longer flights get extra legroom seats get jet blue credit card from Barclays save on all jet blue food and seat upgrades
"jetblue,,,,,""comfortable""","great flight. the middle class seats are well worth the money we spent on them($40). very nice room and comfortable .the one thing that they did, and did not have to do, was show hospitality. the plane was a hour delayed do to clearing the runway and deicing the plane. the"
"Early departure, early landing, early getting home. Cool","Took the time to get the TSA Pre-check and man is it worth it. At 65 years old, it makes life at the airport a lot easier. RDU was a breeze, plane was in on time, boarded with no issues, left early and landed early. Only set back is getting to the cabs at JFK. Long walk over"
Amazing Airline,"I love Jetblue, never have any issues, service is always top notch. Looking forward to my flight in August when I booked a Mint seat, never had one prior. The only thing I wish every airline would do, is make the overhead in your row for your row. Too many times I have been"
Everyone should experience Mint!,My husband and I got the chance to try the Mint experience recently on our annual trip to Aruba this year. We just happened to come across a deal where the Mint seats that were still available were cheaper than the regular economy seats. This was a wonderful experience and I
JetBlue Mint Class,"Flew Mint class for the first time. Seats were comfortable & went to lie flat position. Good selection of movies, music and Direct TV channels. Food was excellent, and there was a good selection of wines and other drinks. Well worth it if you get a good fare."
Thanks a lot to Joseppe fro JFK airoport Jetblue information !,"I would like to thank an individual person a little late, but really want to say thank you to wonderful person !His name is Joseppe !!! I'm not sure if I correctly spelled his name but I'm sure that in the jetblue in the city of New York there are not many workers with that"
"always nice,, but no TV FLL-EWR","i fly jetblue on a regular basis.. from FLL and not RSW.. (ft myers) to Dc or Newark. ft myers is 45 min from marco island, FLL is 90 min... why drive the extra 45 min ea way? PRICE! $730 for 2 RT from RSW, $303 for 2 RT from FLL. ill drive an extra 90 min RT tosave $400. i"
Ft. Myers to Newark,"My wife and I flew to Newark recently for a family funeral in New Jersey. It was a last-minute booking at the beginning of Easter Week, so the fare was pricey, but we like JetBlue because the leg room is much more than other lines. I'm 6'2"", so this is a big plus for me.You"
Beware other airlines,"Very nice flight, fantastic service and very friendly crew. My only negative comment is that -sometimes- it is quite hard to get seats through the net. We had to wait at the gate to be assigned seats. Otherwise, this is my airline of preference"
smooth flight,amazing since I went to the counter everything so easy to check in went we take off was a nice and smooth ride to start to the end.
Chicago to Boston Great smooth flight.,"Flight attendants very friendly. Free soft drinks, juices and snacks. Very roomy in economy. Probably the most in any airline."
Delays both ways,"I am usually a fan of Jet blue, but 3 hour delays on both flights is a bit much. On the outgoing flight we sat on the plane for 1.5 hours waiting for a repair until we had to leave the plane and get in a different aircraft. Coming home the flight kept getting pushed back. Not"
Great value!,"Amazing from the start! I was unfortunately on crutches for all the flights to and from Aruba, and was treated very well. Early boarding so that I could get to my seat without the crowd of people coming in. Extra leg room in their Economy seats, free wifi on board, and a"
Most convient Airline,"Jet Blue offers the best fairs around. I can easily use points earned on my JetBlue MasterCard to fly for nearly free. And they fly out of Long Beach Airport, from which I live 3 miles away."
"If you are canceled, good luck!","BHad a flight scheduled to depart New Orleans for New York City on Monday April 16 at noon. Got Jetblue updates in morning saying flight would be slightly delayed. So got the airport in time. lol and behold, there was a delay announced every half hour until 3pm. Note that"
Great staff,"It's always a pleasure to fly with Jetblue. Their entire staff are friendly, courteous and prompt to the needs of passengers. They are by far my favorite airline."
Only airline I fly,I love JetBlue. It’s the ONLY airline I will fly. I’ve never had a bad flight. Of course turbulence doesn’t count. LOL I have always encountered professionalism and friendliness. Cost is great. I always choose to pay the little extra to have a larger seat and the ability to
Excellent service!,Great flight! On time and love all the snack options. Easy and fast check in process and bags came out on luggage belt in record time.
Grumpy people at the gate,"My wife and I flew jetBlue on a red eye from Las Vegas on April 11th, leaving at 11:41 PM and arriving At Ft. Lauderdale at 7:34 AM. After spending a full day waiting for this flight, we arrived at the gate more than 2 hours early. Only a few people were there at this time for"
Best level of service ever,"Everything great from arrival at airport to collecting bags. Mint is a class above, attendants very good . Food above the norm and wine choice good. Overall very impressed, let's hope they maintain these standards"
JetBlue flight,Great flight ! It was delayed but they made up time. The staff always seems so happy and engaged which is comforting. Of course I would love to pay less but during kids vacation week there are very few bargains. Overall excellent service.
JetBlue Flight,My JetBlue flight was a very nice experience. It was very good value and the seats had adequate legroom. The flight crew were very friendly and the pilot was entertaining every time he spoke to us. This included an apology for us arriving around forty minutes ahead of schedule!
JetBlue flight,The flight crew were super friendly. They provide snacks and a good variety of non alcoholic drinks on The plane at no extra cost. The planes have amazing leg room. Would fly again with them again in the future. Only downside was they crank the a.c. up at take off and then sell
smooth flight,"As usual, a smooth trip, well managed and well run. Was on time, smooth, and well done. We fly JetBlue several times each month, and I can't recall a bd experience."
Spend your money on Mint,"I had a Mint Suite from Boston to LA, and I was very impressed. I was greeted by my name, given a ""tour"" of my suite and told about the menu options for the flight. The attendants were some of the best I have ever encountered, if not the best. The movie selection was good,"
Good flight,"excellent flight, good service, fair check in service, no curb side check in, extra leg room is nice"
JetBlue remains one of my favs,"As usual, the flight took off on time, (actually a few minutes early since we were all loaded up efficiently) and we arrived nearly 40 minutes earlier than originally scheduled. The attendants were polite and pleasant and I love the snacks."
"Little pricey, but ok!",Surprisingly roomier that other airlines I have flown economy. Service polite. Plane clean. Arrived slightly ahead of schedule. Took longer than usual to get luggage although they check my carry-on at the gate for free. Air quality comfortable and rather an uneventful flight
Great non stop,"As always great service,pleasant employees, comfortable seats, non stop flight, the only airline that I fly on, I do believe that JetBlue appreciates its customers and treats them with the respect thatvtheybdeserve"
Flying for fun,"I always fly JetBlue for my yearly trip to Boston. It was windy, so that was a tad stressful but who can control mother nature. My only complaint is that I had no TV the entire flight and they no longer pass out the blue chips for snack. I'm not a fan of flying but it wasn't a"
Tight fit for larger people,"The flight was on time and without issues. A near 6 hour flight, it was tight in economy and being 6'6"" it was quite uncomfortable past the 1.5 hour mark. Airline permitted too many passengers with oversized luggage to place in overheads. I kept mine on the floor under my"
Fantastic Airlines,I was pleasantly surprised at the great experience we had while flying with JetBlue. Flights were on time) even a few minutes early. Flight attendants are hospitable. WiFi is free on this airline. We had connections at the JFK airport. JetBlue had their area of the airport
Not singing The Blues. At all.,"This was a relatively quick trip...6 days in the greater NYC area including travel time. I took a red-eye out of SFO so I treated myself to Mint (First Class) since it offers lay flat seats and I planned to sleep the entire 5 hour flight. Ahhhh, the best laid plans and all that."
Worst experience,"After getting a phone call that my nephew passed away I booked a flight to get home to be with my family the next day. It cost me $956!!..They gave me a bereavement fare after I asked. Brought it to $877! The flight was delayed 3x's, then we boarded,,waited..waited then were"
good flight experience,jetblue does a great job. I have never had a negative experience. staff from front desk to pilot always friendly and efficient. planes are always clean and up to date. luggage is always fast.
Horrible Experience,My flight was more than 3h delayed so I wasn't able to catch my connecting flight. They told us passengers it's because the weather and right on the second boarding they still had problems providing electricity which was totally implausible. One of the male flight attendants
First Time with JetBlue,We flew Raleigh to Fort Lauderdale to a Aruba and we were so pleased with the efficiency of JetBlue. Both gate agents and crew worked quickly and professionally. The flights were no frills but we did have snacks and drinks and more than ample legroom.
Red Eye to NYC from SFO is ALWAYS delayed!,"I've taken this flight in the past, and I've noticed that it is ALWAYS delayed. I'm guessing that since it just flies back and forth from coast to coast that by 1159pm, they are so far behind that they just can't make up the time. But I do have to say, JetBlue is not good at"
On time and no problems,"Flight was on time, spent $40 for extra leg room and was well worth it. Free snacks and drinks on a 2 1/2 hour flight. Good WiFi service. You can pick your seat ahead of time."
Great experience with JetBlue,"JetBlue had the absolute best rate on a recent international flight so booked with them even though it involved driving 2 hrs to another airport. Great experience! Helpful ticket counter staff, friendly attendants, great snack options and very roomy seats. Really liked the"
On time enery time.,"I travel often from Boston (Logan airport) to Ft. Myers, Florida (winter get away). I have traveled that route with other airlines in the past and I have plenty of frequent flyers miles with them but none of them fly direct. Jet Blue flies direct, has plenty of departure"
Hassle-Free Flight,Celebrating our wedding anniversary with a much needed trip to Aruba started with a great flight out of New York JFK airport. The boarding process was painless; we left the gate early and arrived in Aruba a few minutes early. The flight attendants were congenial and aimed to
Awesome Flight,Flew to Orlando from Boston on Jetblue. Booking was easy Customer service friendly and knowledgable. The Aircraft was spaced and seatbacks had screens to watch DirecTV. Highly recommend Jetblue.
"First time on JetBlue, no problems at all","The flight was easy to book. No problems with boarding pass. Though boarding we delayed a bit because the flight before us was at the gate longer, we landed early. Pleasant staff all around. I didn't use it but there was a screen on my setback and it looked like there were"
Awful,Treated awful by the airline. Flights were late and connections missed. Would not recommend this airline.
Terrible experience,"This is the absolute worst airline. If I could rate this as 0 stars I would. After three hours of delays they cancelled our entire flight. They have us numerous excuses within those three hours. First, they had to downsize the plane. Second, they were manually switching all of"
It is when things go bad not good that makes a great airline,"We traveled as part of a High School Choir traveling home to Palm Springs from performing in New York. There was strong winds and wind sheer that forced our diverting to Los Angeles. Once in LA, the staff of JetBlue acted quickly to arrange three buses late at night to get us to"
Disappointed,Our flight was cancelled due to weather and we had to wait four days to rebook a direct flight home. The flights offered were going to stop when we paid originally for a direct flight and we had to pay an additional $200.00 for seats when we had purchased them on our flight that
Love Jetblue,"I looooooove this flight from Denver to JFK on Jetblue. It leaves Denver at midnight and gets into NYC after 5am, so you're not really missing anything to fly. The airport isn't crowded when you show up because it's pretty late and everybody just sleeps on the plane so it's"
Aruba Airport is dreadful,Flew direct Boston to Aruba and back. Direct fights both left on time. Only complaint is that this is a very long flight (4.5ish hours) and was disappointed that there was not real food to purchase on board. I usually plan ahead but due to the extreme chaos of the Aruba airport
Most comfortable of our flights this trip,"Maybe it’s because we had a horrible experience with another airline flying to LAX but our JetBlue flight to JFK had a decent amount of leg room compared to the other airline, great entertainment selection but that wasn’t the best part. Being a 5 and a half hour flight, the"
Ahhhhh.......,"Our outbound flight was on an older plane, and it was comfortable enough, but the return flight? Heaven! We were on a new ""Mint Experience"" aircraft, and although we went in economy, the seats were very comfortable, there was lots of room, and the choices for movies was perfect."
Worst Flight Ever!!!,"I always fly JetBlue and used to love them until what happened to me this past Monday morning. Left FLL at 5:50am to arrive at JFK around 8:30am. Apparently, there was bad weather in Downstate NY. We were 10 minutes from landing at JFK when I noticed the pilot kept circling"
"Got us there and back, no issues","I like flying JetBlue, they always have plenty of movies to choose from. Very nice flight attendants and there is always the never ending snacks. Good leg room as well and we sit in economy."
"They have the worst phone Customer service"" Central Baggage""",It utterly unacceptable that a package with destination to Camaguey in fly 2327 was sent over in another flight 1499 with destination to Habana(Over 300 miles away)because there was no room in the former mentioned flight. Specially when there was baby's FOOD in the mentioned
Normal flying,Website was screwed up for selecting seats. You could only select extra-cost seating or take your chances on getting to the airport. Not that they didn't HAVE the no-extra-cost seats. Flew over some interesting islands. Would have been nice to have a PA telling us which they
Always fly JetBlue,"We always fly JetBlue, we've gone to Florida, NYC and Puerto Rico. They are always pleasant, accommodating and prices are reasonable."
"Enjoyed the ""Mint Experience""","My only problem with the Mint Class is that it is only offered on certain routes on certain days! For our 2018 trip to Barbados, my wife and I wanted a direct flight and JetBlue not only offered a number of direct flights during the day, but the Mint Class was also offered on"
great flight,"excellent and on time! service was good and staff was excellent, just didn't have good food options to buy, but other than that everything was great!"
"It's 2018, where are my plugs?","I selected JetBlue for the nonstop service and flight entertainment, however, I was dissapointed to find the aircraft ancient, with broken screens, ratty seats and NO plugs to charge electronics. On the return flight, it was very obvious someone had vomited on the previous"
Worst flight ever!,"On April 7th I took this flight. Weather was great and even the plot mentioned it after take off. Afree a few minutes into flight, the plane started dropping out of the sky. Like literally falling. Then it never ascended but descended at an extreme rate again. I have never"
Impressed,"No extra charge for luggage was awesome, especially being on a budget. Customer service was amazing. I will definitely be making JetBlue my future flight choice."
Not their problem,"We were late leaving Detroit due to Plane trouble, not weather. 6 of us plus others were catching a flight to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos when landing at Fort Lauderdale. Remind you, Jet Blue had only ONE flight to the island. We were 30mins and Jet Blue took off leaving"
Very Good flight,"Flight was very good, on time and staff was very friendly. We upgraded for TSA pre-check which was awesome. $15 per person. Didn't have to wait in lines or remove our shoes to get through security."
No Regard For Their Customers`,Booked this flight for my 73 year old Aunt as a Birthday present months ago. She arrived early and patiently waited for her flight to be called for 10:14 AM. For HOURS she sat there with ZERO communication from the JetBlue staff that the flight was delayed. all they kept doing
The best airline in the country,I fly JetBlue Airline every chance I get. They offer great pricing and friendly service. I wish they would fly to mre destinatuions out of Long Beach Airport.
HORRIBLE NEVER AGAIN!,"I was a loyal JetBlue costumer up until they ruined my honeymoon with my husband. We traveled to Punta Cana April 2-April 6, nonstop from JFK. Upon arrival at the airport for our 12:20 flight I was informed the flight is delayed due to weather, okay fine no problem. Fast forward"
Fantastic Benefits,"Took the evening flight from MCO to LAX. No need to pay for extra room on JetBlue. The legroom is so generous! I also love that JetBlue offers free internet and streaming through Amazon Prime. All of the flight attendants were kind, and made sure you got plenty of water and"
Started badly by flight being delayed but crew made up for it.,"Plane was comfortable, did not feel like a sardine. Crew was friendly and polite. I was somewhat annoyed that I was not notified of delay until arriving at airport, had we been notified we would not had the expense of dining in expensive airport restaurants."
Flight to Nashville,"Took the 7:20 am flight from a Boston to Nashville. It is a 2 1/2 hour flight and JetBlue was on time and provided good service. The security was diligent and efficient with no issues. Only thing I did not like was the fact that I had the seats in front of the emergency exit,"
Love the double exits,"I love Jet Blue. They have the best snacks when you go across country as well as they are so accommodating. The crew going down were so friendly and also the ground crew. It was a very short flight, but it's nice to have great customer service. I've flown JB for years and"
Third time flying Jet Blue vacation packs to New Orleans,I have found Jet Blue vacation packages to be beneficially priced and many options depending upon your own budget. I have stayed at three different hotels with varying degrees of luxury! I would stay at anyone of them again. My experience has been terrific all three times
Great Flight,"This was an enjoyable flight with Jetblue. There was a delay because of storms down south; however, I was notified immediately because I signed up for their alerts on my phone. Entertainment, snacks, & drinks were good. However, for the last couple flights with them; they are"
First Choice Airline Whenever I Fly,Great fares. Direct flight. Left on time. Arrived on time. Great in flight service. JetBlue will always be my first choice airline wherever I fly.
Why change a good flight ?,"Previously booked this flight departing POS at 3pm (Trinidad time) and arriving Fort Lauderdale around 7pm, this flight was convenient and very good in my view, flown on this ""RedEye"" twice now and will find an alternate airline after the last one ! Jet Blue you had a great"
Space ship model,"cabin was spacious with a self help vending machine for snacks.Also has three sets of bathroom,which included one in the middle of the cabin. ."
Vacation,Was impressed with the airline 1st time flying Jet Blue flights were on time. Boarding was good. Check in was good.
Always Great,We try to fly JetBlue whenever we can and are always very happy with all aspects of our flight.. from check in to baggage claim. Flight attendants were very helpful and made for a great start to our vacation. Nice that they offer Pre boarding for all Military
As good as it gets,"JetBlue is the airline that all others should copy. They are still flying point to point, the way Southwest started and has now abandoned. The whole airline is focused on making the total experience easy and hassle free, from booking to arriving at your destination. Smooth,"
Jetblue Always,Hubby and I have been flying with JetBlue for the past 15+ years. As we travel from JFK to Florida each year in March and in December this was our first trip for 2018. Always an exceptional travel experience. Flight was on time and the ride was super smooth into Ft Lauderdale.
Best economy red eye,"This airline really has it nailed down! From the very friendly flight attendants to the snacks and drinks, this is one of my new favorite airlines to fly with. Everyone is tired at 2100 hrs, but we were welcomed with smiles, helping hands with the kids suitcases, and a nice"
"Usually predictable, competitive fare, comfortable","I am a Jet Blue fan. They come to town and without trading quality and comfort generally drive the prices down on the routes they travel. My last trip, Boston to Philadelphia is an example of a market, that without them, became a thousand dollar round trip flight, instead it"
Nice flight!,"We had an early morning flight at Jet Blue arrival and it really went smoothly. The check-in was quick, and luckily the lines to go through security wasn't too long. The flight went off on time, the flight attendants were efficient and the landing was smooth."
One way flight - better than AA,"Couldn't check in online which initially appeared to be a pain, but actually was a blessing as the manual check-in worked far quicker than the kiosk check-in. Check-in lady was helpful and had a smile! Some confusion with gate numbering system - boarding pass said F3 notice"
Smooth trip!,"Direct flight from Boston to Nassau - hassle-free check in, on-time departure, on-time arrival, no issues whatsoever. Plane was clean, cabin crew was peasant. By using the on-line check-in / baggage fee payment the actual airport check-in was a breeze. We used the kiosk at the"
Vacation,"Have become a huge fan of Jet Blue for many reasons. One being other airlines have lost our luggage, late or delayed flights (not due to weather ) and very cramped seats. Jet Blue does none of these. Spacious leg room, can even get ""Even More Space "" seats for a few dollars"
Short and sweet,"What a pleasant experience for us. A quick 2 hour flight to southern California for a week vacation. Our previous trip down, we did a road trip. It was fun, but I much prefer the direct connect. My next trip to Las Vegas will be on JetBlue for sure."
Smoothest take off and landing,Take off was on time - staff were courteous and professional and landing to and from was exceptionally smooth.
Have a jacket with you,They keep very low temperature in flight. Probably it is done in order to sale their own blankets at $5 for one. Have a jacket with you and worm pants.
Taking car of wheel chairs and the elderly.,"My mother, 85, fell in Florida, broke her collar bone, I had to get her to CT, I was scared as heck about the shuttle from enterprise to the airport, then the gate, TSA and so on. first of all, enterprise offered to drive us to the terminal in the car, then jet blue had people"
Nonstop flight on JetBlue,Our departure from New York was on time and a very smooth flight. Our departure was delayed for an hour with no explanation but we had a smooth flight back to New York.
We Love Mint Class!,"We go out of our way to take Jet Blue and especially the Mint Class. Everything about it is superior to business class on other air lines. From the moment you arrive at the airport to the express baggage claim service, you are well taken care of. Comfortable seats with lots"
standing on standby,"overall the flight had no problems, except that i didnt ,make the first flight since i was on standby. I was the last person called and they had no more seats., so i had to wait two hours until the next flight which i did board. We left on time and actually arrived about 45"
Very nice airline,"First time flying JetBlue and very pleased. Picking the flight times and seats was convenient. The app is awesome, gives you up to date times, and your flight ticket right on your phone. Takes care of worrying about checking in and printing your ticket. Flight attendants were"
Last minute booking with legroom - who knew?,"I booked 12 hours before the trip, didn't check a bag, so walked right to the gate, and was amazed when I found my seat: more legroom than my church pew (Aaaahhhh, hear a choir of angels strike a cherubic chord)! What? Legroom? I thought that went out with leisure suits. Not"
Commendable service,"The only aspect of my dealings with JetBlue concerning the flight that I would not rate highly is the self-checking of baggage. With each fare increase, JetBlue, similar to many other airlines, provides less service. Otherwise, despite the long lines because of delays caused"
"If You Have to Fly Coach, No Other Airline Beats JetBlue","What JetBlue does, they do really well. Service is pleasant, the offerings on the seat back TV are good, and you get more legroom in coach than on any other airline."
Late Night Flight,"This airline is trying to be very good. It was a great flight if your kids will sleep. The entertainment was good, except the one kids movie alternated with another that young kids didn't like as much. It would have been nice to pick which one to watch.Return trip ""caution""no"
Comfortable seats and casual service,This airline needs to get bigger. So far they have the most comfortable economy seats i've flown in a while. reasonable sized aisles and a better proportion of lavatory to passenger count. The service is casual they aren't in a rush and they leave it to the passenger to get
"Great Crews, but has bad policies","Booked a trip to Jamaica which I had to cancel due to my wife being pregnant and the risk of Zika virus. Orbitz did cancel my hotel and gave me full refund right away, but they said that they could not do the same thing with the flight that I booked through “JetBlue”. They said"
Not the best airline but they try hard.,You will always find cheap flights with this airline but you have to do your homework. I sign up for alerts with both this airline and other third-party websites. You should start your search about six months before your flight if you do you'll save. I think for me and my
Jet Blue-Our beloved experience,"WOW! What an amazing experience we had! Jet Blue had amazing customer service, great snacks, comfortable seating, and a relaxing journey."
Love jetBlue,"I love flying JetBlue and this route is no exception. We typically get the last flight out on a Friday night, and I use my Hilton points to get a room in the Doubletree at Jax for our arrival. This means that we can enjoy the airport and flight experience with dinner and drinks"
Jet Blue - Always a Great Experience!,"We just spent 10 days traveling across the beautiful country of Costa Rica. We flew into San Jose Costa Rica out of Newark, NJ with a different airline, made our way across the country over 10 days and flew back out of Liberia Costa Rica into JFK on Jet Blue. This was a direct"
Best inflight WiFi of all the airlines we've used.,"This was our first trip to Long Beach Airport visiting relatives in the Beaches area of LA, south of LAX. We thought it would be more convenient to fly into Long Beach - it was convenient but lots of traffic on the 405 meant that our Uber driver used surface streets, so about"
Smooth flight,On time flight. Excellent attendants. Comfortable and nice for the price. I would fly with jetblue as many times as possible.
mr,"Delayed by sun and warm temperatures three times, changer gates three times, and kicked out of my already booked 3rd row seat... terrible; what’s worse, given attitude by attendant for asking for my original seat. Lame."
excellent! no pets and only 1 baby (far away from me),"excellent flight crew, best pilot ever! he reassured everyone before take off and kept us posted. The pilot of that flight should get an award!!! The whole process was simple and the workers were nice (the workers at JFK are friendlier than those in St. Lucia) My only complaint"
Not a great experience,In order to sit together we had to buy 2 seats for $100.00 and then got charged for bags $50:00 each way. I had only several TV stations and nothing else not even the music. On the way back neither of us had any television at all. Only ones not working on the whole plane.
March Trip,This was the first leg of a trip. We like to get the first flight out in the morning because the plane will have arrived the evening before and is held until morning. This has been a useful strategy since it means that the flight is not affected by issues at another airport.
Family vacation trip flight to cruise,We made arrangements prior to our trip and after finding this flight made a booking with seat assignments for us and as I'm a tall person was skeptical of seating legroom claims on website we checked in early and arrived at airport we checked bags and carried on smaller carry on
Great Flight & Experience !,"Actually this was my first flight on JetBlue. It was a business trip...to meet with my clients in Medellin, Colombia. I first logged onto American(which I usually fly)...but this was a last-minute trip...no lead time to book in advance. But JetBlue was flying to Medellin when I"
"Very Comfortable , But It's a Long Flight ..",Every Flight my wife and I have taken with Jet - Blue has been excellent . My wife has walking issues . From check-in to boarding they were for her. Even when we landed in Seattle someone was waiting when we walked off the plane and stayed with us until we picked up our
"First time on JetBlue, will be back","I travel a lot and have never flown JetBlue until this trip, I wish I had used them sooner. The planes were fine, albeit a bit older. Checkin was flawless and fast, boarding was fine and the flights were perfect. Complimentary tv and WiFi made it even better. I didn’t pick the"
Why would you fly any other domestic airline???,"I fly maybe about 10-15 flights a year, so I am, by no means, an expert flyer. I ALWAYS fly JetBlue. I don't even bother to check other flights. Any extra airfare, in my opinion, is worth it to be on JB! I have never, ever had a problem that hasn't been promptly and"
Comfort includes being well-informed,Our flight was slightly delayed as incoming plane was delayed due to rough weather--we were informed early and often. Our flight was further delayed after we got on the runway because the Control Tower was having to really space out the take-offs because of very bad flying
Excellent Experience,It started at check in at the airport which was seamless. Very polite and professional check in clerk. The plane was very clean. It was great to have a TV to watch throughout the flight. I watched Big Daddy in it's entirety. Flight crew was awesome. Very upbeat and friendly.
Flight was early,"This flight was about as good as you can expect. Even in economy, the seat pitch is good and everything worked. The crew was friendly and efficient. It left on time and arrived about a half hour early. Checked baggage showed up within 10 minutes or our getting to the bag"
Jet Blue to Orlando,Great flight.. on time! took the non stop flight and will never do anything different! Comfortable and love the personal tvs. THe crew were efficient and professional. Will definitely fly Jet blue in the future.
Great service and outdated,The service was great but the plane was outdated. Very very very good for the price your paying. Recommend.
Traveling the way it was meant to be.,"Jetblue has the most dedicated people working for you. We flew round trip JFK to LAX JFK. The check in process was new to me. You scan your boarding pass on this new scanners, print your luggage label and put it on your luggage and wheel it to a representative that weights it,"
Comfortable and on time.,Regular flight. Nothing out of the ordinary. Bathrooms not clean. Snacks are the usual. Flight was fine.
"My favorite airline, excellent when compared to other U.S. airlines.","jetBlue is great by domestic standards which, admittedly, leave a fair amount to be desired. But they are the ones who come closest to treating you like a real human being. Good snacks and drinks, reasonably prices for purchased food, relatively decent legroom (and downright"
Good Way To Go; Up and Back!,"I liked our trip on JetBlue to Boston. The staff was courteous, flight was on time, seats were comfortable, and the price was reasonable. Also, Washington Reagan National airport is nice; good atmosphere and design. Plan ahead for parking, since that can be limiting, but"
JetBlue Mint,"The JetBlue Mint service was excellent. The seats are amazing, and the food for airline food was pretty darn good."
Best Cozy Airline,"Always love flying JetBlue. Love the service, love the personal entertainment monitors, and love the comfort. Even in regular economy class, you have more legroom and underseat storage than most other major airlines. Air conditioning is great- most times you have to wait for the"
Mixed review due to too many delays,"This was the final leg of a return flight from Bermuda and not quite up to the usual ""on time"" JetBlue experience. Full flight so we volunteered to gate check our carry-on bags to help expedite. Much delayed start to boarding the plane (no reason given). We finally start to"
My Favorite Airline.,"When going on vacation, I always and will always fly JetBlue Airlines. I've never had a problem with them, Great customer service, great rates, great snacks and just great. If JetBlue doesn't go to that destination or their partners, I not go. They will let you know if they"
Flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems,"Despite the fact that the plane we were to take had mechanical problems and had to be cancelled JetBlue did a great job. The customer service was outstanding and the airline was very generous. We were all given vouchers for taxi to and from the airport, along with a stay at a"
good travel time,"very clean, great staff, ok movies, pleasant travel , serving refreshments, it has air conditioning if needed,"
Jet Blue,"Like the seat space, plenty of space for legs. Don not really need to pay for the extra space seats."
Great flight,"JetBlue is my favorite airline. Big seats, free TV help keep you comfortable and entertained during your flight."
"Great Service, non-stop flights to Ft. Lauderdale","It's always a pleasure to fly JetBlue. For those of you that want to watch something they have TV in every seat. It seems that the seats are more comfortable and more legroom, but technically I'm unsure of that. The snacks are top notch and according to their brochure you can"
First time flying JetBlue and happy with the experience,"My first time with Jetblue and I must say that I was very impressed with the overall flight. We took off an hour late from Orlando, but it was due to the snow up north, and we were waiting for those passenger to get on our plane. Their free snacks are better than the ones from"
Lost luggage is a frequent issue...,"I’ve always been a fan of jetBlue but they’ve lost my luggage more than once. All too many if you ask me. Flying is stressful enough. Their service & staff is generally very nice and pleasant. Unfortunately this isn’t always the case, especially at JFK. They have poor"
My favorite airline,"I wish JB would go everywhere I travel, that it was always a choice. The service is good, the planes comfortable even if not paying for extra space. The on boarding is quick and efficient and in some flights the attendants are funny. Most of the time I get selected for TSA"
Make the switch,"I have to fly to Boston once a month from LA. I was an avid American Airlines flyer collecting miles by spending money on my card. Well when i went to use those miles, somehow, after confirming on three different occasions over the phone with three different people AND receiving"
Happy Flying With JetBlue,Our family has been flying with JetBlue as often as we could find. We are a frequent flyer family. Almost all our family vacation is booked by JetBlue. It's too bad they don't have a non-stop flight from Portland Oregon to Las Vegas NV. Their price is pretty reasonable compared
Leg Room Baby,"Leg room, excellent, free, WIFI ,free Direct TV with free new release movies. Did I mention free!? We did all carry so no baggage fee! Will choose this Airline whenever possible on any other trip to New York for sure. Help yourself to tasty snacks and water plus friendly"
Always and consistently the best flights!,Very relaxing atmosphere. The seats are roomy and comfortable. The staff is always helpful and friendly. We love watching the movies in flight
Delayed..,Our flight was delayed by 2 1/2 hours but the aircrew kept updating on things and were very helpful. Things can happen bad sometimes. Apart from that everything was perfect.
Great Service but you need to keep your Infrastructure Up,"JetBlue has been reliable and has a good schedule for my 4 round trips from Boston to San Juan and back for hurricane Maria cleanup duty in the last 6 months. But I think they need to up either the budget or schedule for equipment maintenance. Why? Well, I routinely pay $50 for"
Excellent customer service!,This flight is the best way to get to New York. The in flight service is outstanding. They care about the people and they made flight very comfortable. It is a red eye flight. But I don't mind. I highly recommend it.
Services going downhill,"Used Jetblue for the last 3 vacations. Services went from a 5 (highest) to a 2. On my latest trip, there was no in-flight wifi at all on both roundtrip flights. Only tv channels that worked were the premium channels (3 in all). The headphone jack did not work properly. All you"
"Efficient, on time and safe","Jet Blue is the only way to travel when going to DR. The flights are always on time, the staff is accommodating and the seating is affordable"
Good flight and on time,"Airport busy but all went smoothly. If travelers realize everyone is doing their job to keep us safe, all is good. Flight on time which is always a good thing."
Hiden jewel - JetBlue.,"It was my first flight at the Christmas time with this small company called JETBLUE. Connecting glight at JFK was very comfortable arriving and departing from the terminal. Well organized, no long walk. Seats very comfortableas well as the legroom.Nowdays seldom it can be"
Best airline,I was able to secure a really cheap flight with Jetblue from Cleveland to Boston. I had never flown this akine before. I was very impressed with nkt only the amount of leg room you have but the free movies and snacks. I will definitely pay the extra to fly them again.
"Very Good, frequent flyer","I frequently fly JetBlue. I rated very good instead of excellent because sometimes i find the plane not to be very clean and the TV screen doesn't always work. But, other than that, I do have good experiences with JetBlue."
Seemless,"JetBlue, once you’ve enjoyed their amenities, all others pale. Their crew is nothing special, bring some of your own snacks, but you can ignore it all and watch tv!!"
1st Time Issues,"The flight was delayed 5 hours, the crew in PAP was horrible they did not even know about each delay until 30 minutes after I receive it via email from Jetblue. There were elderly people that had been at the airport since 10:00 AM. The flight was originally scheduled to leave at"
Very comfortable seats!,I went to Florida with my family at the beginning of March. When we got onto the plane the flight attendants greeted us. We got into our seats and were amazing. The legroom is awesome and the IFE is amazing. The flight attendants were great very respectful and got whatever we
Going to NYC to soon,As always with JetBlue Airways wonderful flight problem free. Looking forward to my next flight with JetBlue I actually had the flight crew I previously had on another flight. I would recommend this airline
Flying is Painful but this wasnt so bad,More leg room than most. An attentive and helpful flight staff. Jet Blue is my go-to airline if they fly the route I need to travel. This red eye flight was on time and I even managed to get a couple of fitful hours of sleep.
A cheaper option to fly to Mexico City,"I always fly to Mexico city with American but a friend told me I should try Jetblue so I did. The fare was a little cheaper than AA, I paid USD 322.00 including taxes and USD 55.00 for faster boarding and a better seat, one luggage traveled free of charge, AA was offering"
Xtra seat with even more leg room... the new business class,"Jetblue doesn’t offer business class (except on their “mint” flights,) but if two people are flying, you may opt to do what I did: purchase two seats in the “even more leg room” category and the buy an extra seat. That will give you and your travel companion the right to board"
"Love flying out of Buffalo, parking is reasonable, check in is fast and JetBlue is great :)","Love flying out of Buffalo, parking is reasonable, check in is fast and JetBlue is great :) Planes are newer, staff is always friendly and we even departed early :)"
Flight to Punta Cana,Easy check-in and the ground staff was most helpful. In flight service crew were very professional an attentive.
Great flight !,Have flown 4 times with Jetblue. I have found it much better than other airlines and prices are good. Flight attendants are friendlier than other airlines.You are served free soft drinks and snacks. I will be traveling with them again soon. Very easy to order tickets yourself
Winter Getaway,"This was our second flight from HPI to PBI on JetBlue. Due to a snowstorm, they waived change fees & allowed passengers to change flights (up to 3 days later.) We decided to depart the next day & about 2 hrs prior to departure learned of a 30min delay. (I was glad that I"
"hurry through security , hurry to gate, , oh sorry its delayed","trip back home was nightmare, bad enough im disabled person with wheel chair with emotional support animal .security traumatizing us both.due to handler of jet blue out knowing any info on flight or gate, rushed through with little help and kept asking check flight. let"
Pleasant flight,"JetBlue is a great airline, almost always on time. They seem to do well loading and unloading passengers which is always quite a chore for an airline. The problem is with carry-ons. If you have a seat at the front of the aircraft by the time you get on the airplane all places"
"Great, friendly, happy employees, great leg room, great snacks, great flight","I love JetBlue. The flight attendants seem to enjoy their job. They are funny, friendly, and helpful. The leg room in regular economy is better than on most airlines, and if you pay for extra leg room, it's fantastic. Nobody can recline their seat into your knees! From"
Direct flight and we arrived early,"The flight left on time, and we actually arrived in Aruba early! It was a direct flight too, which is so nice. There is a nice selection of in flight movies to watch from Rated G to R."
"Charleston, SC to Costa Rica","First experience with Jet Blue. Going and coming back from Costa Rica, flights were on time. Excellent service from the staff. Overall a very good experience."
Getting it right,This was a nonstop flight. It was a redeye (overnight). I'm not that fond of redeye flights but it does give us a chance to have a great day before flying. It went pretty well & we made great time due to prevailing winds. The only bad part is they have a new policy of clients
Best Airlines,Best airlines so far! It was the first time flying with them and I only want to fly with them from now on.
Very comfortable seats,"I have flown JetBlue several times, and find their cabins spacious and the seats very comfortable. Their choice of free snacks and sodas is also varied and the packets are a good size, you can help yourself to whatever you need."
No communication,"Flight was delayed and the communication from the airline was terrible. I was traveling with young children ans they kept asking what was going on. Each time I checked ( at least 4 times), they info was very vague. At least they should announce every 20-30 minutes the status of"
Great non stop flight,"Love JetBlue. Great flight. Crew was great, nice movie selection. On time. Got a free checked bag because plane was full. What more do you need?"
JetBlue never disappoints! Always on time - pay to upgrade if you can afford it!,"JetBlue is an economy airline, they serve you beverages and chips one time through on a 5-hour flight and then they leave the snack area open - help yourself. So bring you own sandwich, etc. Not a big deal for us. Like that they have a great selection of movies to watch on"
Outstanding service by jetblue,"On a flight from Nashville to Boston with a connection to New York’s LGA airport, we were served quickly and extremely professionally. We boarded 10 minutes late but arrived a couple minutes early. There was free WiFi or ‘flyfi’ as they call it, so that mysel and others could"
Good flight,"The flight was good, except the fact that need to add more fuel,( don't know why they didn't do that to begin with), which kept us at the gate for an extra 30+ minutes. Other than the fuel hiccup, the flight was good. I love the free wifi and drinks/treats. I will fly them again"
Poor customer service!,My wife and I were excited to try Mint (business class) on our Red Eye flight to F. Lauderdale so imagine our surprise when we checked in and found that they switched planes and the new plane didn't have Mint Class. No prior notification or anything! While the agent was pleasant
Great flight but TSA was long,It always seems like the security lines at MCO are longer than they need to be. We had TSA precheck and it still took 31 minutes to get through. Some of it is families that can’t read and try and take food through but the mass of humanity was large. The flight was great smooth
Boston to Seattle,Excellent for the price and experience. Everything was on time. Free TV. Drinks and chips and service was excellent from the staff.
Love Jet Blue,"For local travel, nobody beats Jet Blue. Love the amenities (tv/radio on the back of each headrest), the seats are better than others, and I never have any problems. Flying other airlines, because Jet Blue doesn't have that particular route, I'm more often than not delayed for"
Always on time and service excellent.,"Service is excellent, easy to check-in and board. Flights are generally prompty and we arrived early. No complaints."
Smooth flight / great price / terrific crew,Great price on non stop flights to and from. More room in your seat and more leg room. It's way more comfortable than the other airlines. Great friendly crew. Each seat has their own tv and channels. Perfect for a longer flight.
JetBlue service,"Service was perfect, first time flying. JetBlue very impressive, in time excellent service. Flight attendant was very pleasant."
Very comfortable,I paid for extra legroom because I was traveling with my grandson and it was well worth the extra price. The seats were roomy and comfortable.
florida residence,great flight. clean and comfortable. snacks are better than some airlines. flying again in a few months.
My alltime favorite airline,"This is the best airline in the US, imo. Flights are on time, Staff have pleasant, helpful attitudes, and the planes are wellmaintained and clean. I always take Jet Blue unless they don't fly there....I wish they would fly international flights!"
Best all round airline,"We love Jetblue direct to Las Vegas. We always get more legroom and it allows us to fly comfortably. We were able to purchase tasty meals on board, due to the lenght of the flight and the quality was excellent. We knew we had a driver when we arrived so we were able to enjoy"
JetBlue is the best domestic airline.,"As usual, JetBlue has the roomiest seats in economy, as opposed to other airlines that treat you like sardines. The direcTV and entertainment options are better than any of the competition. The snacks are the best and you have many choices. No ridiculous metal cart coming around"
The Mint Experience,What an amazing experience flying Mint with Jet Blue. This is a long flight and being fortunate enough to have first class Mint seats was simply awesome. We got lounge out and sleep. The service was top notch and the overall experience was worth the extra money.
The Airline Attendants were helpful from the start of entering the lax.,"We had a good flight. left on time and arrived on time. Tiring, but we flew one way only. We booked early in the year and got a good price to fly."
Jet Blue MINT,"The Jet Blue Mint service is far superior to any domestic business or first class I have ever flown. The seats are beautifully designed and installed, as wide as necessary and the leg room is really long which is my prime concern as I am 6' 10 with big feet. The other services"
Jet blue,Every time we travel it’s JetBlue they are the best love this airline never have an issue with them Great flight attendants great service
Lopatience.,I recently took several trips from Worcester airport in Massachusetts to Orlando international airport in Florida. I was traveling because my brother was critically ill and my family and I needed to be with him until his death. JetBlue was amazing to all of us as we had several
Trip to Orlando in March 2018,The flight of choice both to/from MCO was great. Just amount of time to arrive after work and return to go to work for 6 hours upon my return. Helps also to get there using the Metro Rail system (Silver to Blue).
Jet Blue has brand new aircraft - comfortable leather seats - unlimited snacks -free wi-fi -,New planes - unlimited snacks - comfortable seats -great video options free wi-fi - accommodating crew
Great Experince,"Great service and wonderful staff. Would fly them again. Top notch team. Boarding was easy, and quick. The staff took care of my mother who was in a wheelchair and assisted her in getting on and off the plane."
I'll fly JetBlue again,First time on JetBlue. Won't be my last. Liked the extra room and baggage policy. Friendly staff....
Best airline,The only direct flight to NM. Great staff on the ground and in the air. It easy boarding with special needs.
Excellent value for a Long Flight,For anyone who is short in stature - the seats are perfect - I traveled in the economy no extra leg room section and the space was perfect - The stewardess are professional caring and prompt - The seats comfy and the TV is a great distraction - I had a window seat and was on
Jet Blue from JFK,"Travel with JetBlue is very easy and simple. There is a kids area to play in while you wait to board which was helpful for us. Checkin prior to the security point was very professional and friendly and helpful, boarding was a breeze. Plane was full but not uncomfortable. The"
Leisure trip,Wonderful. Excellent service and atmosphere. Wonderful and friendly flight attendants and airport staff. Always fly JetBlue.
Jet Blue Flights,"I travel between Charleston and Baltimore on a regular basis. JetBlue flights are affordable, always on time and service is great. Always my go too airline"
First time flying with an ES pet,Flight crew was most accommodating of me and my pet. Very comfortable flight. Captain kept passengers well informed of fight status.
Always our first choice to fly,Jet blue continues to still give service when other airlines are slowing down. The seat size is also a little bigger than some of the other options. Having the screen for movies and t.v. right in front of you makes the time 'fly' by a little better. They bring around snacks
Flying Blue,"More legroom than other flights l have flown recently. One checked bag, one carry on and one personal item were free! The soda, water, and coffee/tea were free as was a snack that was real sized. Several types of snacks to choose from. Will definitely use JetBlue again!"
"Love JetBlue, but book directly with them","I love flying JetBlue. It's comfortable, has free wifi, great staff, good entertainment and generous snacks. But I booked my ticket on a popular travel website and I was unable to get a seat assignment ahead. Although they put me in an exit row with more room, I was in a middle"
JetBlue our go to Airline,JetBlue is our go to airline. Our best air travel experiences have been with JetBlue & we travel several times a year.
I Always use JetBlue,If I need to fly I always use JetBlue! I also book the seats with extra space. They are always on-time and my luggage has never been lost.
On time & Smooth,"Left on time, arrived early, clean plane and comfortable seats. Flight attendant went out of her way to get me a caffeine free Diet Coke."
Memorable 1st flight for my teenager,"My son was selected as a Disney Dreamer Academy participant and Disney kindly reserved us this this flight. Everyone with JetBlue was awesome and since the last time he flew he was a toddler, it was very memorable for him. JetBlue seats are extremely comfortable and inflight"
Just great overall service,"We have been flying JetBlue almost exclusively for several years now. I guess the biggest reason why is because the planes are the most comfortable of all the airlines that we have used, even in Economy, which is what we fly. The offer of non-stop flights to many destinations"
Charleston to Boston,As always Jet Blue was exceedingly professional in all aspects of our flight. We were kept up to date on the delay to Boston. My wife is handicapped and no other airline has ever been up to par with the care she receives.
Very comfortable flight,We took the 6:30 direct flight to Ft. Lauderdale and rode extremely comfortable. There was ample room in our seats and the seats themselves were very relaxing. It was our first flight on JetBlue and we are looking forward to taking others. The whole crew was very cordial and
Love JetBlue,We had an impromptu trip to visit an elderly relative and JetBlue online direct booking was very easy to do. They have added more locations so the variety of places you can go are great. Flying into Providence was really nice. They were on time and everyone we dealt with was
Weather delay issues,"I understand JetBlue cannot control weather delays but what they could have controlled better is how it was managed. After an initial 2.5 hour delay we were told to get on the plane, then there was another delay and we were told we could stay on board OR get off but stay in"
Smooth ride,"We flew Jet blue and we were very pleased, we got to the airport and there was a delay but we were on time arriving to Tampa. Great crew friendly."
quick trip to florida,flying jetblue was fine. It was good to fly out of stewart with a decent airfare. Usually it is more expensive to fly from Stewart.
DIRECT FROM LB,OK i only fly out of long beach ca because it is so close and it is the greatest airport ever. they use to have a lot more direct flights but for whatever reason they dont anymore. it is the best and i will only fly direct to anywhere they go. this is one of the reason i went to
Wow,We love to convenience of a non stop flight to NYC. JetBlue does this for us. The service was great and very courteous. It was nice to be called by my name as I sat down waiting for take off There was plenty of leg room and this will be our flight of choice when traveling
JetBlue,"JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines, mainly due to the free TVs, movies, music, etc. that are available. They also have many nonstops to my favorite destinations. The flight attendants are courteous & responsive. The flight we took left on time & arrived early even when many"
My First JetBlue Experience,"I'm a seasoned airline passenger but, because my ""home"" airport is not served by JetBlue, I had not flown this brand before. The airplane was new looking and clean. Seats wider than usual. Every aspect of the flight was quite pleasing despite the 3 1/2 hour delay in departing"
Terrible start to a vacation,We had reservations for a trip to Sarasota on March 22. Our flight got canceled due to a storm that never happened. We were pushed to a 10:00 pm flight the next night which I didn’t agree to. They then routed us through JFK. When we got to Sarasota no bags. They knew as I went
my preferred airline,"was late leaving due to storm a couple days earlier, got to hotel at 2am! but was pleased they didn't cancel ,being that late"
visting family in Albuquerque,"Travelled to and from Albuquerque and JFK (NY). We don't like flying, but the check-in, pre-checked TSA security and the trip itself was easy. We had carryon luggage, and for whatever reason, there was plenty of overhead storage. The free TV and movies were good. Because we"
My choice is always JetBlue,"I regularly travel from Hartford to Fort Lauderdale, and I’ve flown JetBlue many times. I am pleased with the customer service, comfortable seats, unlimited snacks (!), WiFi in the sky that you don’t pay extra for, as well as inflight tv. I am a fan, and a loyal customer."
3sisters,"The flight was delayed 2 hours because the flight scheduled before us didn't have a pilot and took ours. Instead of letting our flight go on time, we were delayed. Each flight should be responsible for their own pilots and not take from one for the other. I really don't enjoy"
JETBLUE NEVER KICKS OFF OVERBOOKED PASSENGERS!,My husband and I make it our policy whenever we fly to try to use JetBlue. We have used JetBlue over 20 times. We’ve never had a bad experience. Never. We do pay the $25-&50 per person for ‘extra room’ which gives more legroom and is closer to the plane door for quick plane
Vacation to Punta Cana,My Trip to Punta Cana Dominican republic was uneventful. The flight was on time and the service was very friendly.
Vacation,Flight to Florida was great & flight back to Albany was a little bumpy but average all not bad. Would definitely recommend Jet blue
More space and comfort with no additional cost,"JetBlue typically has more leg space and feels comfortable specially when the the travel is over an hour or two. The entertainment connection keeps you engaged if you want to watch movie, news or just listen to songs. These are not commonly seen in domestic airlines that keeps"
Flight from PBI to BOS,Great flight experience from checking my luggage to landing in Boston! Captain kept us informed of location.
love jet blue,always have had great luck with jetblue. we fly jetblue regularly and always have a comfortable flight
Poor customer service,"My granddaughter had heart surgery Feb 12, 2018 and was refused a wheelchair because she didn’t”t look like she needed one. She offered to show some of her scar to the person at the desk but was told she wasn't interested in her medical condition. She said all the wheelchair"
Flight to NY,"As always, they did the flight PERFECT!! Staff was amazing, the flight was on time and run smoothly, and we felt safe and well taken care of the whole way. If you can get the business class we highly recommend it just as I always recommend TSA precheck, I can't believe how much"
My favorite airline!,"Mostly on time, flying with JetBlue makes my vacations more convenient and pleasant. TV, free wifi, and free snacks and drinks are definitely great amenities that not all the airlines offer nowadays. Using also their credit card can easily give you a free flight because of the"
Flight late both directions,I found this airlines a bit frustrating as I was late to arrive in Long Beach which I realize sometime happens. But when the return flight 3 days later was also over 30 minutes late I will think twice about using them again even though their fares were the most economical.
Flight with no movie,"The TVs didn’t work, they told us to call Jet Blue to get a voucher! Besides that the flight was fine they came around twice for drinks and once for snacks."
Reliable and friendly,"Travelled with small child in car seat on the plane. Friendly crew on the ground and in the air. They were all very courteous and helpful. They offered assistance to install the carseat, but I am pretty good with installation. They have movie screens on the rear of the seat in"
Best Deal & Direct,"We normally fly out of SYR, but this time I checked neighboring airports. It was $1200+ to fly JetBlue outta ALB. Yes, it takes 2+ hours to drive there but couldn’t deny the difference in price and it was for a direct flight. The flight was pretty much on schedule, within 5"
"Love the friendliness, service and extra leg room","I highly recommend JetBlue if their locations match up with your travel plans. Booking is super easy on line and if you book ahead, or sign up for emails, you will find specials, and you can get really good deals on flights. You have the option to just pay the fare, or the fare"
Delays and Cancellations.,I’m starting to believe that JB is having problems. I have been flying JB for years now only experienced weather delays which are not the airlines fault. Twenty minutes before boarding the flight was cancelled due to no plane.The next plane was in 2 days. They did pay for a
Pro Customer Airline,"In a time when airlines no longer cater to their customers, it is amazing that one still does exist. Staff in all areas are pleasant and eager to assist. Fortunately, my travels are to destinations serviced by JetBlue because there is no other airline I would choose."
Happy with JetBlue!,"First time flying with JetBlue and very pleased! Easy to book online, reasonable price, more legroom and more comfortable seats than Frontier, free TV and wifi, and our carry-on was free. Even free snacks and drinks! Received our luggage quickly - all round good experience!"
"Jetting to Savannah, Georgia","My flight on JetBlue to Savannah was a very nice experience. We left from JFK airport at 7:00 am on Tuesday. We were offered delicious Dunkin Donuts coffee and before we knew it, we were landing! Beautiful, smooth flight..."
JetBlue is our prefered airline for travel for pleasure or business.,"I must say that flying, out of Worcester Airport in central Massachusetts, on JetBlue Airlines is a pleasure. We enjoy flying JetBlue. We love the extra space seats too. The planes are always clean. The restrooms on the plane are also much cleaner than other air carriers."
If you hate to fly . . . JetBlue eases the pain,"I hate riding, for many hours, in a pressurized aluminum tube crammed with people, 30,000+ feet in the sky. Hate it! But for the several times a year I fly to see far-flung family and friends and/or to enjoy new scenery, JetBlue eases the pain. I am tall, so I buy the ExtraSpace"
Perfect flight,"I love flying JetBlue!! The staff at the gates are always pleasant, helpful as accommodating as they possibility can be. The planes are clean and have more leg room than most other airlines I have flown recently. I highly recommend them to everyone I know."
Floating on a Cloud,"We have not flown since 2017 but whenever we fly, we try to use JetBlue. Their seats are wider and have more leg room than all other airlines, hands down. They offered a step up in security for only $10 a person so we did not have to wait on the long line to check in. It was"
Very Good,Like all airlines once you have status you get the added perks. Fly JetBlue three or four times a month. Crew always friendly and if you get the even more space seats very comfortable. Early morning flights are the best as they leave on time. Evening flights most likely to be
little vacation,"wonderful service, the checking was fast, comfortable seats, a nice snack, a good movie, i definitely fly with them again."
Decent airline,I chose JetBlue for my annual trip to my sister’s home in Florida to save money. They had decent ratings and touted that they had roomier seats in coach than other airlines. They did not disappoint! The larger planes also have 3 bathrooms! They also give you full sized snacks
Comfortable and smooth flight. Courteous service.,I generally use JetBlue to travel to the Caribbean. Good service with snacks and beverages. Behind the front seat entertainment works fine and is varied. The pilots do their best to adjust their routing to make sure the flight is smooth.
Lots of room free WiFi and movies snacks,"Love this airline, seats have lots of room, yummy chips and cookies sodas for snacks. Free WiFi ,tv, Sirius & movies. Optimal airline for traveling long distances"
Florida bound,early morning flight early in and out before the airports got crazy I really liked it was the first trip of the day on Jet Blue
Chose for price.,"Good flight left on time, no complaints at all. Food choice very limited but all in all good value for money."
Pleasantly Surprised!,"I don’t remember JetBlue being this well-equipped, Beautiful and accommodating. The plane was obviously new ( very nice colors throughout) and all set with What appeared to be slightly larger screens for viewing shows and airline information. There was also a very good amount"
JetBlue was a pleasant surprise!,"Our flight to Punta Cana we were offered to change seats for a fee, we decided to stay in our seats. On the way back to ny, we took the offer to chage seats, larger more leg room. I offered our credit card and the flight attendant never took it. They were very nice, the"
JetBlue continues to care,"Been flying JetBlue since they began and am thrilled they have added service btwn NY and Palm Springs. Wish they did this more than only the winter months. Those aren't the months I choose to go to NY so I travel to NY in April, the last month of the season that they do fly. "
Wish there were more,"I have the opportunity to fly a few times a year. If at all possible I aim for Jetblue. To date I have only have a couple issues with their entertainment system .. and a master reset from the cockpit did the trick. The flight attendants have always been friendly and helpful. "
First & Last Time I ever fly with Jet Blue B___,"There is nothing worse than being delayed 8 hours in an airport, trying to start your much needed vacation, with so little time to waste, for an airline that wont take responsibility for their chaotic administrative problems. Meanwhile, the local competitor is leaving every"
they are the best for Florida from Connecticut,They are the best of the rest from Conn. to Florida they are more on time than most--Southwest is Second
Great Airline,Even though I flew Economy I felt they gave me great customer service. They still serve chips and refreshments and allow carry on at no extra cost. This is a PLUS!! for me
Hello DC,"This is a routine and frequent flight for me. I never, ever tire of departing DCA to the north or approach landing from the north. Beautiful views of Washington DC, and her story telling monuments. For the past 15-months, JetBlue has been the most economical and provided the"
JetBlue was a good choice for me....,"While this was NOT an impromptu trip, setting it up and getting the right flights seemed to be very fast. Perhaps because there was so little choice... but I did not arrive in Boston until well past midnight (although we were scheduled in at 11 PM) The flight out four days"
Smooth trip,"The trip started great with my son getting to say hi to the captain and get a pair of wings. Solid, friendly service we have come to expect and receive from them."
JetBlue never disappoints,I have traveled to and from Florida too many times to count and I can always trust JetBlue to stick to their departure time. They still have the most comfortable seats. I have it a 9 because I feel that it’s time to update the leather on the seats.
a bit delayed but always smooth,"we were a bit delayed because of a problem that occurred out of the JB control. The groundscrew guy who fixed a water-feed glitch walked off with the plane papers/manifest and took 10 mins to find. They were honest about it and even tho we left really late, we landed only a"
Maintenance not up to par.,"Flight had a delayed takeoff and I don't remember being told why. But as the title says, two maintenance problems. (1) There are 2 toilets in the back of the plane, only 1 working. (2) the internet was not working (but the movies did). Other than that, seats were fine, free"
Good flight,"Flight was smooth, left early and arrived early with no issues. Crew was friendly. Could have used a blanket or headphones but none were offered. All in all a good experience on a short flight"
Trip,"This was a cheaper plane to fly on we thought, but after all the fees added then we would have come out just as cheap flying with Delta."
donkin' donut coffee,"Dirty seats. Very small tv screen. Alcohol not complimentary. Great DD coffee. Bring your own earbuds, pillow or blankets. They charge for everything."
was assisted with wheelchair through getting boarding pass and was at gate with 30 minutes,"great service, they continue to provide excellent attention to details, will continue to fly JetBlue,"
Best on time airline,I have been flying JetBlue to Aruba for the past few years. The price and on time performance has been excellent. We live closer to Newark but the 45 minute extra drive to JFK is well worth the price difference.
Ok once Capt arrived!,Ok once got Capt showed up! Delayed over an hour because there was no Capt My whole day was off because of that delay! Flight was fine once we got up in the air
Great flight great flight from start to finish !,"Enjoyed our flight from LB to Ft Lauderdale was in Miami for a few days before cruise ! Only problem was return flight some ft lauderdale employees think its her job to stand and yell at people ! Beware ! Overall flights were both good but she should be out of work , she’d be"
Visit to Texas,"Check in was nice, the plane was also nice. The crew was attentive. The takeoff and landing times were acceptable."
seperated,"Although there was plenty of empty seats the gate people at Aruba couldn't figure how to seat my wife and I together.I also had to remind them twice that we where not assigned seats yet,"
Full flight but tolerable,"It was a full flight. Fortunately we opted for extra leg room. The aircraft itself was showing it's age, was worn and not very clean."
Comfortable,"One thing about Jetblue that I like is that when the attendants or pilots are speaking it is clear. You can actually hear what they are saying. Of course, it's always nice having a TV and the seats are comfortable. We have two favorite airlines and Jetblue is one of them. The"
Good Experience,We had a good flight to and from Vegas. I really enjoyed the snack options and movie options. Nothing bad to say about our experience!
Jet blue did good again !,"great staff , big extra leg room seats ,free coffee and snacks ,watched movie ,landed 20 minutes early"
Once we got on the plane the flight was fine,"BUT - We almost missed the flight. After checking in with a machine and getting a boarding pass and baggage labels/tags it took 40 minutes to drop the bags off. Only 3 stations open. The JetBlue person could not have cared less. She was on the phone,chatting with “managers” and"
"JETBlue- Leg room, free TV, snacks- Old School Flight amenities!","Took JetBlue to Boston from Denver- direct flight March 22nd, I forgot how nice this company is! Leg room on a regular economy flight, free soft drink, your own free TV- and was a red eye so they gave us warm towelette before landing to wash our face! Oh and nice attendants!"
always amazing,"As always, JetBlue is always consistent with ontime departures, arrivals, friendly onboard staff, plenty of water, snacks, etc."
Extra service from airline staff,We were travelling with our son and daughter in law who have two little children ages 2 and 1. The Jet Blue staff were most helpful in assisting the with these two little ones and getting us all on the plane along with our carryons.
Good flight but some space for improvement.,Good seat but neither wifi nor seat screen worked. Flight attendants were especially friendly good humored. It sounded like the wifi problem was not unusual.
Jet blue to Orlando,Great flight. On time and comfortable leg room and a good price. We had to change flights on the return flight because of a death in the family and jet blue was great in accommodating us.
JetBlue Review,"The overall traveling experience with JetBlue is generally good. They do a good job of keeping you informed with emails and texts, their crew on the ground is helpful and the attendants are very attentive. On our last trip our return flight was delayed for 4 hours due to"
Birthday getaway,I Love Jetblue for their vacation packages....the plane is very comfortable and seating is spacious....I book all my vacation trips with them unless they don’t fly to my intended destination.....Customer Service 100%
"Always on time, comfortable and seamless","I fly often between Tampa and Boston and/or New Orleans. Jet Blue is always my go-to for Boston. The planes are clean, on-time and generally arrive early. Very professional, friendly and accommodating. I wish they had a nonstop from Tampa to NOLA. They don't, so I take Southwest"
Flight Attendant Embarassing,Flight started off okay. I take medication and need to drink a lot of water. The bottles are small so I asked for two at a time. When my friend got up to go to the bathroom the flight attendant said to her “your friends bag is going to be extra heavy with all that water in it”.
easy nonstop,"being a nonstop flight on our recent trip from Boston to Phoenix,all was a hassle free experience. with JetBlue,pricing is reasonable and legroom ,even with economy,is much better than many of the competitors the return trip was a redeye(flew during the night),and as a result"
JetBlue wise to select Airbus model.,Both check-in’s were uneventful. The LAX airport had extra person at the door to answer questions. He was friendly and helpful. The flight crew did a good job. They handed out several snacks and drinks on these long trips. The plane was a European Airbus and it had some extra
Always a good flight,Since JetBlue began flying to Florida I have only once or twice used another airline. Spirit was a horror the few times I used them. Nasty staff and always late! Delta good but too expensive. JetBlue has a great staff with prices that are affordable. Most likely will not change
Good service,"Flight attendants were very attentive with good attitude. They also offered the headset as well as blanket if you want to pay for. One issue was that the entertainment system control panel is on the arm rest, so my system keeps restarting few times from Boston to LAX (in the"
"Best airline to fly from Newark, NJ to Florida","We flew on jetBlue to Florida in January. We actually flew into orlando, but then flew back home from West Palm Beach. When I was looking to book my flights, months in advance, since January is a very popular time to visit Florida, I used the AARP travel website. I compared"
Flying with the Best!,Jetblue has the best flight crews. They never cease to amaze me. We fly several times a year and every crew is very professional and friendly. We just flew back from vacation and all I can say is we had a great time with the crew coming home. I only fly Jetblue because of their
the good and the bad,"My flight to W.Palm Beach was smooth and nice and on time, that was the good, the bad was I went to the WPB airport only to fine my flight was cancelled it was an early morning flight, they said they called me, the did not, i never got a call so my next flight to White Plains"
Better than the barebones options,First experience with this airline. We were pleased. The seats were comfortable. The staff did a nice job. We were given snacks and soft drinks. Carry-on luggage did not cost extra. There were movie and TV selections in the seats. All-in-all fairly painless and would fly
Great airline,"We have flown to Orlando from both Albany, NY and Boston, MA. We have flown in April and August. JetBlue has direct flights at great prices. Their flights are always on time from my experience and their planes are clean."
Ok for Budget Airline,"For the price it wasnt bad-you get what you pay for. I wish the attendants were more stringent on the the carry on policy. people were trying to shove bags any spot they could find, because they had carried on more than they were supposed to. it made getting on and off very"
This was my first experience with JetBlue,"Excellent flight. Left late, but arrived On time. Seats were comfortable with plenty of leg room. My husband sat in the middle seat. Had a hump in the middle of seat. Made it a bit uncomfortable."
Visitor from Massachusetts,I fly to Florida usually once a year. I like how helpful and friendly everone at Jetblue is. I book right through their app. If i ever have a problem booking i call and speak to a real person who is very friendly and very helpful. I love jet blue!
GREAT airline,The seats have LOTS of leg room (even) for a 2 1/2 hr flight. Very comfortable plane and nice staff. Will use them whenever possible.
Smooth flying,"My flight on JetBlue was uneventful and smooth. I was updated regarding delays regularly (there was a weather delay on my return trip). The seats were comfortable, with plenty of leg room. The flights were smooth. Snacks on the 1 1/2 hour flight were adequate (i.e., what you"
great flight. Flight attendant was super,Had a five star flight. A little late because of weather but all else was fine. Has a super flight attendant
Excursion to Cancun,"Me and my wife took a straight flight to Cancun from orlando for her birthday. 1st time we flew JetBlue and we WILL be coming back to this airline, reasonable pricing, comfortable seats great inflight entertainment and great service from the flight crew. *****"
"JetBlue to NYC? Yes, Please!","I am a travel consultant and fly internationally several times per year. I've been flying back and forth to New York City for the past 14 years. I haven't been in a while, and for my most recent trip, I found a great deal on JetBlue. Same price I paid back in 1994! Can't beat"
Great flight,Great take off. It was after a snow storm so we were delayed for about an hour. The crew members kept all informed every step of the way. Take off was smooth as well as landing. Great service. Friendly crew members who were actively helping people board and store
Coast to coast flight from Boston to Los Angeles return flight,"My wife and I flew on Saturday and came back on Tuesday. Hectic, but no hassles. Very economical but confortable. Timely departure and arrival both ways."
Happy Camper,"all things smooth from beginning to end. check in, gate and in flight service.very clean interior. will fly them again."
Very Good Airline,"This is my favorite airline...Seats are a smidge wider than others, I like the indivdual TV's. Most flights have been on time,weather delayed most ..."
JetBlue service Houston/Boston,The daily 6:30 pm from Houston (Hobby) is always a good flight. My family flies it frequently. We would highly recommend JetBlue and Hobby airport.
An easy trip,"Easy trip, though long. I watched two movies I hadn't had the chance to see in the theatre. The food and service were fine. I wound pay the big uncharge for ""more room"", and it was pretty snug but adequate."
Great service,"Our outbound fights were both flawless. Our return flights were both delayed making our arrival at home brutally late. Service was great, though. We upgraded to the Even More leg room and it made the flight so much more bearable for my 6'2"" husband. In spite of our delays, I'd"
comfortable relaxing flight,I was as comfortable as a person can be on a 5 hr flight. Our actual departure time was delayed but we made good time in the air. Flight attendants were very polite and helpful. I enjoyed two movies that I had not seen before and plenty of beverages and snacks. JetBlue
Gridlock at the terminal at JFK,"While the flight itself was fine as usual, the JetBlue terminal at JFK was almost inaccessible. The ramp to the departure area was gridlocked. It took about 45 minutes for our car to get us to the area where we could get out to enter the terminal. We got to our gate toward the"
jet blue is my choice,"jet blue has it down. It does not disappoint and seats have best space of most airlines, without paying any extra. The employees seem to enjoy what they do and are helpful."
Good Experience,"The flight was on time and everything went smoothly. I have had experiencedunexplained boarding delays with Jet Blue, but this time there were no problems. The snacks were fine and the staff was pleasant. Of course unless you pay extra for the more comfortable seats you are"
"Other than delays both going and coming, the flight was comfortable and flight attendants very good.","I love flying out of Long Beach, and JetBlue is both comfortable and staff is good. The only problem was that there were significant delays on both flights."
Great people,"The crew was great, there were engaged in conversation. Asked if I needed any accommodations and were quite friendly"
JetBlue is the only way to fly from NYC/JFK to Aruba,"JetBlue is the only way to go from NYC to Aruba. I've tried America (and was treated poorly) and also Spirit. Spirit airways was cheaper at first glance, but when you add up all the things they charge you for, like selecting your seat, you end up paying way more, for virtually"
Excellent Red Eye Service,"Excellent Flight Attendants service until everyone fell asleep. Flight Attendant One (James), referred to by the Captain, was very through on introducing his fellow Flight Attendants as well as getting all the snacks out before lights out. Plane was full and the ride was"
Great Value,"JetBlue really serves my need for legroom. Even their standard seats serve my long legs. On top of that the planes are clean, the snacks are better than the crackers or peanuts other major carries offer. Entertainment system is good and helps to pass the time. Baggage allowance"
Great experience from DFW to Boston,"I was a great experience, Jet Blue is a class act. The assistants have always been courteous and helpful. This time however I had a problem with my seat assignment and the attendant straighten it out right away. They did not appear to have a problem fixing my problem. The"
Jet Blue to Punta Cana,"Decent round trip flight. Our flight was delayed in Fort Lauderdale on the return, so we got home very late (Causing premium pricing on out Lyft) But otherwise a smooth trip"
Great,I believe this is the best airline operating at this time for domestic flights. I normally choose an early flight because there hasn't been any delays. I have experienced flights later in the day and sometimes delays have occured. I will not blame JETBLUE because I am sure there
Did I inconvenience you Mr. Flight attendant?,"I don't like paying for checked bags, that's why I don't usually fly this airline. Not sure why, but we were a half hour late leaving the gate. When the flight attendant came buy to ask if we wanted to Buy a snack, I asked for a turkey sandwich which was on the menu and he told"
Travel JetBlue,We were very pleased with JetBlue. The check-in area people were very friendly and helpful. Gate people all had smiles and easy to board with. Loved the extra legroom as I am a 6.4 guy. Snacks were real snacks instead of just a small bag of peanuts or chips like other
"JetBlue's ""Mint"" Experience. It's a Gamble !","I Purchased the Mint upgrade offered by JetBlue for their coast to coast flights. I am a frequent flyer, using JetBlue often. 1st time using mint. Worcester, MA to Vegas was perfect. Old time throwback airport was simply perfect. The initial ""Mint"" experience was great,"
"Puerto Morelos, MX (Our second home)","My wife and I fly down to Cancun, MX several times every year. We always take the same JetBlue flight there and back. The flight attendants are the best!"
Nonstop to Curacao.,"The only non-stop flight from the Northeast US. Only flies on a limited schedule, but is the fastest flight and competitively priced. Happily, our trip down was 20 minutes faster than scheduled."
Always works,"Perfect flight. The flight left a few minutes early and arrived early in Grand Cayman. The return flight was just as good. The flight attendants are always courteous and helpful on JetBlue. They help you secure your carryon in the overhead bin, which so many airlines today"
No problems,Scheduled to leave on Thursday but a big snowstorm was scheduled to occur Wednesday into Thursday morning. Jet blue let us switch our flight to early Wednesday morning. Great customer service even staying on hold while we contacted our hotel to see if we could arrive a day
POOR COMMUNICATION,Boarded plane a 5:30am for a 5:55 departure. At 7:10 captain advised doors would be closing and we would be departing in a few minutes. At 7:45 captain advised passengers with connecting flights to specific destinations would not make there connection and there was only 1 flight
Best airline I fly,"JetBlue has always been a great airline for my family, friends, and me. The planes feel more modern compared to others. Plus, the seats are comfortable and they have the most legroom in coach and it’s very noticeable. They also have tv’s on the back of all the seats even in"
JetBlue Most Spacious Economy Seats!,"Just took flight from Long Beach, CA to Ft Lauderdale, FL and absolutely loved it. The unlimited snacks are not the healthiest but still yummy. The space is even better than some economy + seats on the other airlines. My only gripe with JetBlue is their lack of partnerships with"
"All good, except the TVs","I am generally a fan of JetBlue. They are courteous, on-time and the planes are welcoming. Boarding is always tense, as there's never enough overhead space, but the staff do what they can to help. I've noticed recently that on two of my last three flights, the TVs didn't work."
Delayed,Cancelled our flight due to mechanical issue with the plane. The plane had been sitting because of weather from the day before. Took HOURS for them to even attempt to get us on another flight. Ended up missing our cruise ship. Heard lots of negative stories about JetBlue.
"Efficient, comfortable flight","Quick, excellent, courteous and efficient. Everything was explained in a simple, straightforward manner. Check-in online and at Bradly was supe efficient."
Positive Experience,We took the red-eye flight. It was smooth sailing and uneventful. Paying the extra $99 for the seats with extra room is worth it for longer flights. We have been lucky to always have positive experiences with JetBlue.
Over 2 1/2 hours late and lost my car rental and JetBlue didn't help,I've flown JetBlue a lot going between Long Beach and Salt Lake City. They give a snack and have a little TV. But if you run into any issues they aren't helpful financially or any way. We knew in the morning our flight was delayed. The car rental closed at midnight and our
Reliable & On Schedule,Short notice business trip that included an important return time. As what always seems to be the case with JetBlue: on-time departure and on-time arrival. Smooth as glass.
Enough entertainment to keep the thre little ones occupied,Pleasant flight as the children were occupied watching movies. No complaints from them means great flight for me.
Quick and easy from NYC to Portland ME,PWM is small and sleepy compared to NYC airports and I always have great service from JetBlue when I fly from JFK to visit family. I have rarely experienced any problems or delays and I find the value great!
Love JetBlue,Flew on JetBlue to Buffalo for a trip to Niagra Falls. Flight was on time and I was treated like a guest. I love this airline.
Fly with jet blue,Checking was very good seats were good we had lots of leg room the staff was very good we made very good time we were to land at 830 am we landed at 8am
Flight to Mexico,"The flight was on time and very comfortable. The only thing I could find wrong was the inflight TV service was not working on the way to Cancun. On our trip back to Fort Lauderdale, it worked fine."
Always exceeding expectations,Just great as usual. My original flight was delayed so I asked for and received a better seat on an earlier flight!
Ok flight,The flight was pushed back by an hour but the staff made regular announcements as to the takeoff time which was helpful. Unfortunately the TVs on the flight were not working but we were able to use wifi to stream entertainment during the flight. The wifi was really slow. The
Amazing airline experince from JFK to RDU. Love flying JetBlue,We were late to depart but kept informed constantly. Once the aircraft arrived we quickly boarded and on our way. Awesome flight.
A heavenly flight!,"We were flying to Havana, Cuba , and so flew jetBlue from Los Angeles to Ft Lauderdale and then on to Havana. The price of upgrading to Mint Service (their first class) wasn't nearly as outrageous as it is with most airlines and the pods were so comfortable, and the service so"
"Great flight, on time, good service",Last week we flew from Aruba to Boston. The week before we flew down there. Both flights were as good as it gets. Planes departed and arrived on time. The employees at check-in and on board were courteous and efficient. Both efficiently handled gate side check-in of luggage.
Albany NY to FLL,"A nice morning flight with out any delays, I haven't been to the Albany airport since 1977 and marveled at the changes there was even a therapy dog around while you waited. The moves were current and the flight smooth"
The most comfortable US carrier,"Flying has become an unpleasant experience. I never look forward to it, but in order to go anywhere of any distance, I can't avoid it. JetBlue is one of the most comfortable carriers. My flights from NYC to New Orleans and back were on time and the staff was friendly. I can't"
The Best!!!!,"Most legroom in coach of any airline. Individual video screen in every seat with multiple national brand snack and drink choices! I fly them always to the West Coast and Florida. Always great airfares, customer service and with assigned seating!"
They serve Dunkin Donuts coffee and Blue Chips!!!,"Jetblue never disappoints us. Flights are usually on time and if not we are frequently compensated for our inconvenience. The seats are roomy, the flight attendants are friendly and the coffee and blue chips are two favorites of mine."
Non Stop to West Palm Beach Florida,"Good airlines. Always on time, good flight crews, comfortable seats with TV’s. Love the non stops they offer. Just have to be very careful when purchasing tickets. Jet Blue has a habit of gouging it’s customers during holidays and school vacation weeks. Sometimes it is better to"
Overall I had a really good flight both ways,"Had a really good flight going and returning. Only issue was the major delay before taking off. Something went wrong with the fueling of the plane after it already arriving late, then when cleared to board we had to get off and wait again for another because the 1st had the fuel"
Consistently Great,"The plane is modern, clean, well maintained. The crew was friendly and very accommodating. The flight departed on time and arrived on time. The entire process from booking online to completion of the trip was seamless. They can improve on the variety of the offered snacks."
Best Domestic First/Business Class service,Fantastic service with full lie flat seats and privacy door and great food. Free satellite TV and high speed internet. This is by far the best domestic business/first class service.
Use to be inexpensive,Jet Blue use to be affordable. No charge baggage was terrific. Then they got greedy and started charging for baggage. Next they'll start charging for air. They've lost their edge and their flights are now more expensive.
Hurricane recovery efforts,"As part of a Boy Scout group to help repair the Puerto Rico Scout camp damaged by hurricane Maria, Jet Blue airlines went above and beyond to get me from New York at a budget minded fare. They are the best at customer service!!!"
Flight to P R to join daughter & grandkids for Spring-break,All went well from start to arrival. Baggage was delivered fairly promptly. Cabin service was very good. Loved that it was a direct flight & not a stop over in Miami. Video service on the return flight did not work & airline sent a credit voucher for the inconvenience.
My favorite airline,"I'm actually a Platinum member of American Airlines. But even with the priority boarding, special security line and expedited bag checking on American, I'd rather fly Jet Blue. Jet Blue has customer service figured out! Everyone from the gate agent to the flight attendants to"
Best Bet,"When my computer request didn't go through, the 800 agent did everything for me! The snacks are always things I like, the seats are comfortable. I also enjoy the individual TV and movie viewers."
Only fly JetBlue when available.,We always choose JetBlue if they fly to our destination. The extra room makes the long flight across coasts much more enjoyable. Also love the Dunkin’ Donuts coffee and the tv available for each seat. The flight attendants and crew are always top notch and friendly.
Mint Class,Mint Class is well worth it. Our check in at JFK was exceptional. We walked in and went directly to the counter. There was no one waiting in line. The seats were spacious and very comfortable. Numerous choices to watch and listen from the entertainment selections. The only thing
Just Average Flight!,Typical flight nothing special about it. Nowadays this was as good/bad as it gets. We left and arrived on time.
Smooth from beginning to end.,"Excellent booking process, easy online booking and tracking of flight through JetBlue app. Staff from beginning to end were helpful."
"Timely,efficient,comfortable and friendly","The flight left on time. The aircraft was clean and the seats comfortable with plenty of legroom-one of the benefits of the JetBlue configuration of the Airbus A-320. The flight crew was friendly, helpful and attentive. Arrived at our destination on time after a smooth and"
"Always, quick, easy, and friendly.",For Economy the leg room is pretty spacious and staff is always very friendly. I've been flying JetBlue for years and only once did they have a substantial delay. For me if that only happens once in a great while it's ok with me because everything else is always perfect!!
Bueno Bonito y Barato,"That’s how we say when something is good, nice and cheap wich is the case of JetBlue. Really good airline nice seats, most leg room even if you don’t buy the extra legroom and cheap. Nice flight attendants and overall I recommend it"
Quick Hop to San Francisco,"I often fly to San Francisco and when I do it is always an easy choice on what airline to fly. JetBlue is simply the best. Furthermore, the have a large presence at Long Beach which saves me the time and frustration of going to LAX. Also, for the price ( often around 100 round"
if you fly from fort lauderdale it is a lot less money than miami parking crowd etc,very nice movies part of the way is check in no crowds like miami valet parking if you like and it is reasonable
Great leg room wtihout paying an upcharge,Needed to make a quick trip to Atlanta. Found a good rate through Kayak on Jetblue. The flight was on time. No hassles. Legroom in the economy back part of the plane was great.
Could easily be great!,"JetBlue is one of my two favorite airline. On time performance was excellent during our trip. The extra leg room they promise in their advertisements is real and made for a comfortable trip. Although we flew into San Jose, our return trip was a non-stop flight from Liberia"
I want to love Jetblue,JetBlue has been my go to airline for any airport they fly into for nearly 20 years. My only issues are that the terminal at Newark which I fly out of often is about 5 years past needing a renovation. The planes are really starting to show their age as well. The seat cushions
Good flight,I love JetBlue they always give you free snacks and they will say take as many as you want. They also had given me a free drink on the flight there. They have TVs on each seat and the seats are leather the whole plane feels like first class.
Fly to Aruba,Been going to Aruba for years and have flown on a lot of different carriers. We find JetBlue to have the widest seats with the most legroom . The staff is always professional and cooperative. We pay extra for the increased legroom because we have so so knees and can’t stand up
"JetBlue ""blue ribbon"" Airline","Traveling on JetBlue is always pleasant, Airline includes great value with excellent customer service. The onboard Entertainment is a plus when traveling with children. The staff is courteous and professional. The plane is clean and accommodating for a quick hop to Florida."
Boston,"Round trip, not many from Pittsburgh. On time both ways, friendly flight attendants. Ticket counter employees were extremely friendly! Very good price. Would definitely fly this airline again."
What you want in a short flight,"Great trip. Great airline. As they advertise more leg room in economy than any other major airline. They leave on time and come in on time. Have used them for years - problems are rare in my experience. Further travel - rental car, trolley, buses are easy to get to and get out"
Favorite airline is JetBlue,We travel on JetBlue 4 times during Thanksgiving and Christmas. Have never had an issue with the airline. Most of our flights are on time and some even have arrived early. Don't know how the flight attendants do their jobs. There are so many ill prepared people on the
Even if you have a boarding pass with assigned seats doesn't mean you have them...,"I recently had the worst experience that you can have with an airline when you travel outside the country. I was on a trip to San Juan, for my mother's burial. The day that I bought the plane tickets (I bought them on the airline's website) it showed that it was a direct flight"
Our favorite airline,"JetBlue is an outstanding air carrier. From the uncomplicated booking and boarding procedures, to the free snacks and non-alcoholic beverages, free entertainment (video and audio), it is hard to fault this airline. Customer service of the flight crew as well as ground"
Mint - a wonderful Trancon experience,"JetBlue has elevated trans continental travel with the Mint product. The experience felt more like a Trna Atlantic or International business flight but at closer to a coach level costs. In addition the cabin staff was fun, friendly and very attentive."
JetBlue even-more seat,"The airline customer service is very good, even more space seat give a bit extra leg room especially the seats that are by exit row and have no seats in front."
Great Flight,Jetblue really helped a lot traveling to Cuba. They assisted with the medical insurance you have to purchase and also had the Cuban visas available for purchase. Great Service Great Flight.
Favorite airlines of all times,"I have flown various airlines to Puerto Rico, American Airlines, Continental, Spirit, Frontier but I have to say that hands down Jet Blue, has been my very best experience. My flight from Puerto Rico to Newark was on time, the seats were extremely comfortable, the flight"
Perfect flight,"A very pleasant experience from beginning to end. Air travel as it should be: easy, relaxed and comfortable"
pretty average overall...,"it was late, but not terribly so... it got me where i wanted to go. price was a little steep, but all the airlines are expensive."
Excellent Flight,"I love Jetblue they have excellent service, the in-flight service is great and the pilots are awesome, the only thing that I don't like is the self serve kiosks I didn't find them helpful rather have a human to talk to."
Customer Service Guaranteed,"Excellent flight. On time, spacious seat (economy). Staff was courteous, basically answered any questions. Airplane was clean, very competitive prices."
Good fly-fi and snacks,"On the way there, the flight was on time and we landed nicely. There were some flight attendants that were nice and some that seemed like they hated their job. On the way back, we departure delayed but we managed to land earlier but we didn’t have a gate. The snacks and drinks"
jetBlue rocks,"Non-stops to and from West Palm last week, with golf clubs in tow. No issues other than a delay Friday night due to weather in Boston (go figure!) Great service!"
More professional than all the others!,The pilots are first rate! Flight crew very courteous & professional. Always provides timely explanations when weather is a problem.
Good Leg Room,"Pro: Had great leg room and a direct flight from Richmond, Virginia and nice attendants Con: Flight delays both ways and damaged luggage."
Excellent customer service,A member of my party was injured in Mexico and we needed to get back to the US as soon as possible. Customer service was very understanding and helpful to get our entire party on the next available flight. The agent at the check-in counter at CUN had a wheelchair brought
What to fly and when,"Jet Blue. We typically fly at least 3 times a year and whenever possible we fly Jet Blue. It is easy. There are times we use Southwest, but not to NYC. I feel like we get a great rate for what we are getting."
Terrible flights -- both ways,"Two terrible flights!! Our outgoging was supposed to land at JFK to transfer to Barbados. The plan couldn't land in heavy rain -- it went to newark -- they said ""they couldn't see the ground"". The Jetblue ""rebooking"" had us going to Barbados at 12midnight -- it was 8AM. "
"Always a convenient, easy and affordable trip","JetBlue is just awesome. Flying out of Long Beach is always a pleasure as the small airport is very efficient, comfortable and quick to navigate. JetBlue has so many flights from here is is very nice for us Orange County residents. The flight to Salt Lake is quick and always"
Only airline I’ll fly on,I have flown with many other airlines. But once I flew with JetBlue..... I decided to stick with them. So much ease. Everyone is always friendly. Way more leg room. Lots of non-stop flights. Can’t say enough. Flown with them many times. Never a bad experience.
Buy the extra space seats,Recently went on vacation and upgraded myself to even more space. It is totally worth the $100 if you have long legs. So much room and you get to board early.
JetBlue's Mint Class,We flew JetBlue's Mint Class for the 1st time and there was no negatives to report Better then United's first class to Caribbean (our only comparison) our experience with JetBlue flight attendants has always been positive Mint is luxouris with many amenities including socks and
Fantastic MINT experience,We recently travelled from Boston to San Diego and purchased the new MINT service available on this route. The MINT service was absolutely outstanding and made we wish that this option was available on all JetBlue flights
"Unfortunately, not the best experience",My daughter and her cheerleading team (22 people in the group!)were scheduled for this flight to attend a national competition in Florida. The plane was delayed numerous times (originally a 5 pm flight) because the plane was undergoing maintenance in Florida and had not left
City hopping with JetBlue,I flew JetBlue roundtrip to Boston when heading overseas on Azores Airlines from Boston. They partner with Azores Airlines but this time I made the reservations online. Great flight times and crews - I've not had a bad experience with them yet (And have flown with them 6 or 8
Jetting off to the blue,The flight was very comfortable and the stewards were friendly. The seats are a little more roomier than some other air lines I've traveled. I just hate I had to travel from Birmingham to Atlanta to use JetBlue but that's a long story lol..and which is why I gave the 4 stars.
I LOVE JETBLUE,"I love flying Jetblue, free wifi, snacks the whole experience is amazing!! Captains always have a smooth take off and landing... I highly recommend!"
Boston to Las Vegas,"JetBlue has become my new go-to airline for business and personal travel. They have great schedules, affordable flights and great service."
Fav Airline,JetBlue is my airline of choice for all domestic flights - hands down - never had a complaint regarding comfort and attention to details. Professional and courteous crew without being cloying - clean planes.
Give me the good old days,"Flying JetBlue is almost a reminder of flying 50 years ago, with the courtesy, space, refreshments/food, etc., that many of us remember & that the other carriers prefer to forget...."
"Great service, friendly crew, pilots land the planes safely.","Have taken this flight a dozen times. From ground to air, crew is friendly, helpful, specially with disabled people, special seats for disabled passengers are very comfortable, they take care of overhead luggage, they take care of wheel chair from departure to arrival cities. "
Great service!,"The service is much better compared to other airlines, with larger leg room and more polite attendants. On time. One thing I don't like is that I cannot select my seats at check-in (maybe because I booked the tickets through a third-party travel agency), but this also provides a"
JetBlue Experience for You,Arrived at a normal time for getting through the typical airport delays. JetBlue has very good website to check in and get seat. The text function is very helpful for status of your arrival and departure times. No real issues and the airline staff was very helpful.
HPN to West Palm,"Smooth, timely, great staff...what else could one ask....Jet Blue does it right. Even on a snowy morning....they were prepared"
Always use them if available,My husband has a very bad back and traveling is very hard for us. Jet Blue is very comfortable and more leg room so he can stretch out his legs. We try to get the exit door seats I am very capable to open the exit door. A lot more leg room. I would give them all fives but it
"No frills, but not bad","We flew from FLL to PUJ without any issues with the flight. We didn't have in flight WiFi because we traveled internationally over water, but that's not JB's fault. On the flight down and again on the flight back, the biggest confusion among the passengers was the food"
A pleasant surprise,"The rate was far better than the two airlines I usually use, and where I am a frequent flier. I was impressed with the leg room and all personnel were extremely helpful and friendly. There was a chance my daughter may arrive too late for the flight - they immediately found me a"
Good Business Travel,"Solid commuter flight. Boarding and unboarding done quickly and efficiently. Departed on time, arrived early."
Excellent Customer Service!,"Jet Blue is excellent. My friend was recommending them for several years, and finally, I booked a flight with them. When the reservation clerk heard that I worked the last three nights 12-hour shifts, had little time to sleep the day I was traveling because I was packing,"
Lovely and pleasant flight,On this flight it was important that I arrive home on time due to it being Maundy Thursday and I wanted to attend the service at my church that night. It proved to be a very moving service and I was glad I made it. My flight actually arrived in Richmond early that day.
Buffalo to Turks and Caicos,"Flight was great and on time. Free Wifi, Movies & plenty of alcohol! Staff was friendly also and willing to help. will book them again for my next flight."
Budget does not mean shortchanged!,"This was my first trip on JetBlue and hopefully not the last. The easy boarding, the wider than normal seats and the friendly staff all made it a pleasant experience. Never mind, the convenience of flying between two relatively uncrowded airports in style, with great food on"
"Good Service, comfortable","JetBlue has good in-flight service, comfortable seating - especially leg room, on-time could get better. Baggage at Logan airport is always slow."
Top rate,Perfect flight and friendly employees. Who could ask for more? I will surely fly with Jet Blue again.
Easiest West-East Red-eye in the US,"You enter PDX, arguably the nicest airport on the west coast, sleepy and wanting to rest. JetBlue's late night flight to New York City is boarding around 9 or 10 and you're right on time. You get on the plane, you're off the ground in record time because there's no runway"
good trip,"On time flight, great service at check in and in flight. Free wifi snacks and beverages were great for passing the time of a long flight. My only complaint was a broken/ missing wheel on my checked baggage on my return flight, making the bag unusable, and as I didn't notice this"
Gate attendant unfairness,"I have been flying JetBlue for many years with the same size carry on luggage. On a recent flight, the gate attendant was randomly choosing people who they wanted to measure their luggage. There were MANY whose luggage was much larger than mine who they just let through. The"
Sensitive to passengers’ nut allergy,"Our six-year old grandson has a severe nut allergy — both tree nuts and peanuts. We’ve had bad experiences on other airlines that, despite the hazard, continue to serve peanuts as snacks on their flights. Even if they agree not to serve peanuts on your flight, the plane is full"
Amazing,"JetBlue has really stepped up their game. The in-flight entertainment is all free and a vast variety!! They had tons of movies (many new!), Direct TV (cable), on-demand shows, xm radio, and the map that shows your flight status. They even had great snacks and were not cheap"
Lots of Room,"I usually fly Southwest, due to their liberal policy on flight changes. There’s no denying though, that JetBlue wins in seat space; unless you are unusually tall, there is no need to upgrade to a roomier seat. When I flew to Washington, DC in March, air fares for both were"
JetBlue is the way to go,I love JetBlue. We always see you get a good trip with them. Staff is always on their game. There seems to be more legroom in couch then other airlines. We use the vacation option. We get some great deals.
JetBlue is simply unreliable.,"This is likely my last flight on JetBlue. You simply can't rely on them for timeliness or even that your flight will occur at all! We recently had JetBlue reservations between Fort Lauderdale and Costa Rica. Less then a month before the flight was scheduled, we were advised"
Always a great experience,Clean planes and friendly crew each and every flight. Jet Blue will always be my airline of choice. If only they would add more service to the middle of the country
Jetblue has the best customer service and very comfortable seats,For only 50.00 each way to upgrade to larger seats with more recline and legroom was worth every penny! The customer service is excellent as well. My daughter has food allergies and they were willing to make announcements and to buffer her. We all have switched to flying Jetblue
Highly Recommend JetBlue!,"I have always preferred to travel on JetBlue within the US--their planes are always comfortable with plenty of leg-room, and they still serve refreshments free-of-charge, with the option to purchase a more substantial meal on longer flights to California from the east coast. I"
Smooth sailing from Boston to Barbados,"Boarded on time, departed on time and arrived a few minutes early. The return flight took a bit longer. Longer lines and more waiting but the lines all moved fairly well. Boarded on time and arrived nearly an hour early!"
we were upgraded for no charge as we asked for 2 seats together,this airline is fast and efficient staff are very friendly and accomidating i only fly jetblue just wish they would fly out of Manchester nh
"reasonable price, excellent schedule, on-time departures","Well, my title say's all :-) The most spacious ""Economy"" seating in the industry, direct flight, very timely, and the price is very competitive"
Always a great flight,"I have flown perhaps 40 times on Jet Blue and find that they are punctual, have comfortable seats, good leg space even without purchasing the no extra room seating. My only issue is the food options. I am not a cheese eater and everything has cheese on it uggg. The free snacks"
Chicago trip,This was the second time I have flown. Had the best time. Great staff and good movies for the flight. I forgot my ear plugs and theirs worked better than mine.
"Jet Blue Flight, not as good as usual",I love flying Jet Blue. And Flying out of Long Beach is so so much better than flying out of LAX. So much easier and less stressful. I have always had great success with JetBlue. I upgrade to the extra leg room seats and that works for comfort. This particular flight was
Too busy socializing,"Crew insisted I, an 80 year old wheelchair passenger ,use the restroom in the rear of the plane instead of the one I was right near because they were socializing."
Excellent Experience,"This was the first time I flew on JetBlue, and I had a great experience. The airplane was clean and the staff was friendly. The most surprising part for me was the free WiFi and a unlimited snacks and drinks upon request."
Jet Blue Runs On Time,"JetBlue left Boston on time on a Monday morning and landed in Atlanta as scheduled. Very pleased with the on board service, leg room and the flight. The return trip was flying into bad weather in New England so timing would be an issue. JetBlue held tight and kept to the posted"
One of the better airlines,We have flown with JetBlue to the Caribbean twice in the last 6 months to Antigua and St. Lucia and on both occasions it has been a very good flight. The flight attendants are efficient and the planes have been quite new. Also they fly out of Terminal 5 at JFK which is the best.
"Comfortable, courteous people",Full flight. Excellent service. Very prompt and courteous. Could not ask for anaything better. In regular coach seat and they were very comfortable.
A great airline to fly,"Great service, free snacks, tv, and wi-fi. Pleasant, helpful staff. Only criticism is that they allow people on first with wheelchairs and I saw many didn't need them to deplane, but used them to board first. Suggested they board last. This would cut down on people who use"
Bad experience.,"Our flight had a 2 hr layover in FL that turned into 3 delays and then a canceled. We had to spend the night in the airport and they refused to help. When we finally got a flight out the next day we had to go to a different city and then spend $$$ to ride the train to NY. "
Smooth Flight,"The flight went smoothly. I thought the lead stewardess was very organized, pleasant and helpful. I didn't realize that JetBlue flew to Providenciales, but it was a pleasant surprise. The price was perfect!"
greaat service,"Great service, friendly staff, on time departure and arrival, great communication from pilot. Very nice flight and attention."
Best Airline,"For me this is one of the best airlines available today. They are on point from customer service, to on time departures. I have never had a bad experience with them."
Jet Blue was wonderful.,"Flight was one of the best roundtrip. Flight attendants were really great and they do provide free TV and games and snacks, (peanuts, pretzels, cookies.) They were on time both departing and arriving. The seats are leather and very comfortable and you have plenty of leg room."
Uneventful (thus great!) trip,"From boarding through departure, the process was smooth and all personnel were very pleasant. We used tickets on our phones and it made the process even easier. We've traveled JetBlue in the past and always had the same type of experience. We were pleasantly surprised by the"
jetBlue Horizons,"What a 'breeze' to have chosen jetBlue out of Buffalo, especially having upgraded to their 'Even More' service. It provided for expedited processing through security, and boarding priority (important if you have carry on so that you can at least put a bag above your own seat),"
"Good, hardworking cabin crew.","Nice inflight services. Love free internet. It is a basic, no first class airline, but you get way more than what you get from anyone else."
jetblue,"new boarding process stinks, toilet on plane broken, inflight entertainment didn't work. Never enough food for purchase on JetBlue. Going downhill fast. Loyal customer for over a decade. Mosaic member."
They Made Lemonaid from Lemons,"The flight had a mechanical. They appropriately kept us posted, gave dinner money and then when cancelled offered either a hotel or round trip on Lyft on them. Furthermore, they gave $175.00 per person as an apology."
One of the worst travel experiences in my life,"The experience started off very badly and got worse. I had 3 bags one was heavy and also I am a senior. I walked up to get in line for an agent, there was an employee there literally arms stretched blocking anyone who wanted to enter. He kept telling me to use the kiosk, I said"
Direct flights are the best,Long flight down about 5 1/2 hours but only about 4:45 back. Simple and easy and non stop. the extra leg room even though a few bucks more worth it on the way home.
The next best thing,I really like to fly delta because of the seats and unlimited free drink service in their business class but I’d say jetblue is the next best thing. Tvs on every flight is a major plus plus direct flights. Only downside is even in business class you have to pay for your drinks.
Best way to Florida,"When heading to Florida for a vacation, we always search the JetBlue flights first. This recent trip was the 4th time in a row that we ended up on a JetBlue direct flight to Orlando. Service, comfort, attention to detail, and competitive pricing are trademarks of JetBlue out of"
Delayed.... but handled first class!,"An evening flight was delayed. The cause of this turned out to be the inbound flight was ground held so they were late and that caused us to be late. Regardless, JB handled it with what should be an industry standard. Notifications were sent via TXT and email as requested to"
Excellent Trip!!,"The flight is a little delayed but our Pilot is the BEST! I don't even felt that we touched down in San Francisco! Down side, our gate was way at the end and there's no TV monitor; and their PA system not really clear to hear the announcement of your flight. Also, the flight"
"Need more than 1/day or a larger, newer plane","The one flight from JFK-SJC per day is always packed. Always. Weeks ahead of time, there will be a handful of middle seats on what should be a pretty popular route - New York to Silicon Valley (south). Unfortunately, on my most recent flight, the TVs weren't working, which"
Jet Blue knows service inside and out,The flight from MCO (Orlando) to DCA this past December went very well: I had a seat on the aisle in the More Legroom space at the front of aircraft. This means not only more legroom but nice service on the flight attendants' side. Note to tall people: Chip in more $ for the
Most legroom in economy,I thought I was in first class with the available legroom. Flight attendants were pleasant and efficient. Didn't give me an annoyed look when I asked for hot water for my decaf tea. All around pleasant experience.
smooth sailing,"All went well. All the employees we interacted with were great. Relatively comfortable seating on plane, more leg room than most in regular seats. It's our airline of choice."
Great Flight,"My husband and I purchased the extra leg room seats and flew from JKF to RDU and back. Even though our return flight was delayed (we were warned in advance that this might occur), both flights were great! The flight attendants were pleasant and the take off and landings were"
Bad Experience,Captain was late arriving. We could not board until captain was there. 70 minutes captain finally arrives so we could finally start to board. By that time weather moved in so we had to deice and the extra time that takes. What bothered me the most was the gate personal's
Friendly staff,On our recent return trip from the Dominican Republic I required a wheelchair due to a broken knee and the staff of Jet Blue was so friendly and helpful to me and my family. It made our travel experience easy and hassle free where it could have been exceptionally difficult. I
NY business trip,"had a great flight last week from FLL to JFK. Bought the ""even more space"" seats as always and was very comfortable. Also noticed that JB is updating their aircraft overall appearance. All leather seats, touch screen tv with a ton more selections including 1st run movies at no"
Staff are the most courteous have found .....and most accomodating....,We take the extra leg room for about $ 90 and it changes the flight.... The extra leg room makes a big difference....
Sitting on the runway as connecting flight takes off!,"Usually I am very happy with JetBlue, but this time there was a close connection at JFK at 7 am the next day. I was a little concerned but with morning flights the chances are better...that was until there was a half hour delay with the outgoing 10 pm flight from Sea-Tac. I"
All-in-all a very pleasant trip,"What can I say. Boarded on time, left the gate on time, arrived early. Had no problems with the inflight entertainment system, or the Fly-fi wireless service. Flight crew was pleasant and attentive. This is my preferred airline any time I travel. More legroom and inflight"
Great Flight,Excellent flight on time and excellent service . Free tV wifi and snacks Easy boarding always with Jet Blue
Flight to Punta Cana,Took the earliest flight available. It was smooth sailing from checking in at the airport and going through security. I only fly JetBlue.
JFK-LAX,I take this flight often and it is always great service and flights are on time if not early especially on the flight back.
"Great non-stop, direct flight!",Blizzard expected - customer service was a long wait on the line but very kind service from agent who just advised us to hold tight with our seats and we were ok!
Great Airline,"I've flown many times over the last 5 years from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale using a variety of airlines. While all the other airlines are making passengers more uncomfortable, JetBlue offers more legroom, free tv and snacks and 1 free carry-on bag. The prices are upfront"
Needed to refuel !,"After a 30 minute delay at the gate, they needed to add additional fuel. Then we didn't have enough fuel to continue so we had to stop in Salt Lake - total BS. No apologies and no accommodation for delay or extreme inconvenience of landing at 2:30AM"
Surprisingly pleasant flight!!,"These was a very decent amount of leg room in economy, the service was very pleasant, and I had access to a much shorter security line at the very crowded Orlando airport, which always has terribly long lines."
Only direct flight to Aruba,"JetBlue has the only nonstop flight from Boston to Aruba with free movies, direct tv and music while within reach of WiFi.......flight is 4 1/2+ hours...beverages ands acks are free....if you take the early morning flight be sure to stop in the airport before boarding and buy"
My new favorite airline,"The JetBlue staff is very helpful and polite and the planes are more comfortable than competitive planes. Often I can get as good or better rates on JetBlue fights and they are really more comfortable, Highly recommended."
Surprisingly Thoughtful Crew,"I recently had to return to Florida from New England with an injured knee. The injury occurred the day before my flight... which filled me with dread. Yet JetBlue was actually wonderful about the situation. (Yes. I said, ""Wonderful."") The phone rep I spoke with took care of all"
Slipping a little bit with outdated equipment,Jetblue is my preferred airline. I think their prices are reasonable and easily booked online. I have found the last couple of flights I have flown the TVs are malfunctioning. This flight my friends TV was stuck on one channel and not able to be changed. Last flight I was
Flight was cheap enough the the delays were brutal,"The flight was comfortable enough. The inflight entertainment worked sporadically, there was little food for sale and the the snack basket made one quick sweep of the cabin an hour into and 3.5 hour flight and was never seen again. Maybe not so bad except we had been delayed"
great flight,"Had a great experience with jet blue. Flight was on time, staff was great, very friendly and accommodating."
JetBlue Delays,"Flight kept getting delayed with reasons being not enough flight crew, no pilot, incoming plane from LV delayed, etc for 5 HOURS!!! When we finally got into Portland we saw that it appeared that EVERY flight they had that day was delayed!"
AFC Title game,"Great direct flight from Jacksonville to Boston and back. Plenty of legroom, your own personal TV, great service and reasonable drink prices."
Comfortable and clean,We flew from Philadelphia with one connecting stop in Fort Lauderdale to San Juan Costa Rica. Planes were clean and comfortable. More leg room even in economy than other airlines. Service was efficient. Highly recommend JetBlue.
Great flight experience,"Took on of the several mid-day flights from RSW to BOS on JetBlue. I used to fly this route of Southwest all the time, but they have discontinued non-stop flights to between MHT or BOS and RSW. As much as I liked flying SWA, I've always thought the JetBlue experience a"
Overall best airline!!,"Flight is on time departure and arrived the destination early. Decent leg room. I always like Jet blue because of their modern flights, service, free first bag and terra chips."
Easy as always,"I almost always fly Jetblue, they have an easy to use point system and their flights are plentiful and affordable (for the most part). Typically I fly out of JFK or Westchester since we live closer to New York, but the flights out of Hartford were $200- $300 cheaper over Easter"
Ok flight,"I took this flight for a one way flight from Fort Lauderdale to Quito. The plane is small but has enough leg space. Make sure you take your own earpiece to enjoy the entertainment, or you will have to pay for it. Also, no meal offered at this flight, just soda and chips."
Terrible....,"Sometimes, you have to ask yourself, ""what just happened?"" Scheduled a flight from Trinidad to Miami on JetBlue. Flight was scheduled for 1:00am. Upon arrival, the flight is initially delayed for an hour. An hour turns into two hour which then turns into a 6:00am flight. The"
Only JetBlue for me!,"I routinely fly roundtrip between West Palm Beach, FL to Boston, MA and only use JetBlue. I have tried other airlines for various destinations and none compare to the service, quality, and amenities of JetBlue. Other airlines may appear cheaper, but then you notice they charge"
Great airline,"Great customer service, comfortable, and smooth. Every one is happy and enjoyable. Very willing to help make your trip the best possible. Plus the snacks!"
vacation to costa rica,"We had a very quick and easy flight to San Jose CR with no problems, we will be traveling again on same route"
Great flight to Florida!,"Had a great morning flight from Boston to FLL. I believe it's always a good idea to leave Boston in the morning before air traffic backs up for a number of reasons. Also, it's always advantageous to get to FLL as a destination, especially at this time of year when the weather"
Love Using Jet Blue from Stewart Airport in Newburg,"I am a big fan of JetBlue have been using them for years. Now that they have more flights from the smaller, closer Newburgh Stewart Airport it is even better. Much easier access than the New York City airports, cheaper parking and easy ticketing, security and boarding. And"
Excellent Trip on JetBlue from Worcester,"JetBlue exceeded our expectations on our flight to Orlando. We were originally scheduled to fly out of Boston, but were cancelled due to weather. JetBlue changed our reservations and ensured our new flight met our travel plans. There was zero hassle. Traveling from"
Great Choices out of Boston. Nice friendly airline.,Flew JetBlue out of Boston down to Tampa to catch a Lightning/Bruins game down there. Fast easy flight that still serves free snacks and the seats were comfortable and the airplane clean. A little under 3 hours - nice-n-easy!
Great leg room,"Good service, coffee or drinks free, snacks free, amazing leg room compare to other low cost and big airlines.Will fly jetblue again."
"JetBlue is great, passenger behavior aweful, Carryon a problem","JetBlue is a great airline, it's the passengers that score low. Air travel is bad enough. JetBlue has a very easy boarding system, explained over and over again by gate attendants, yet passengers do not listen, often blocking jetway for those ahead of them. Always fly JetBlue."
Love JetBlue!,"Love JetBlue! Crew is always super nice and courtesy, flights are usually on time, I have only been delayed for weather related issues. This flight had great seat and leg room!"
my go to airline,I travel to Houston frequently to visit my daughter & jet blue consistently provides courteous professional service. Even on my latest flight when there was engine trouble & we had to deplane & go to another plane it was done in a most orderly fashion. Although we arrived 2hrs
"important business trip, cancelled!","Had west coast meeting which I could not delay. Was in March this year. Jet Blue, cancelled. Told me they could possibly get me out following day. Not acceptable, so I cancelled, and paid thousands more to get two business flights direct from Southwest, and got there same"
Easy flight,"Easy overnight flight, friendly customer services, nice soft drinks and tasty snacks. All new airplane."
Never had a bad flight yet,"We recently flew on JetBlue from Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale, enjoyed out cruise and then flew home. Despite the timing being at the end of March break, and the airport was jam-packed, we had no problems. Flights were on time, the planes are always comfortable, no issues. "
To Lima and Back.,The airlines worked well and we had no issues either in the USA or in Lima. I have heard horror stories regarding latin american airlines so much preferred to do JetBlue and was mighty pleased with the service.
Fly the Friendly Skies,Always a comfortable flight. Great leg room. No need for extra space unless you are traveling more than 3 hours.
"My favorite airline, hands down","If I could fly JetBlue every time, I would. They have the most legroom and comfortable seats. In-flight entertainment and unlimited snacks and drinks are provided."
Always a great trip,Flight left on time and arrived early bag quick staff always nice comfortable plane what more could you ask for
Excellent Customer service,"Customer service makes the difference. The attitude, the smile and willingness to help. Wish jet blue was a mainstream airline that I could use for business travel."
Pleasant Experience,"First time flying with JetBlue and was thoroughly impressed. Smooth boarding experience, seats comfortable and service good. All personnel were pleasant"
Ok Flight,"The check in is about average. The cabin crew is professional but too businesslike. The planes need to be retrofitted, they are pretty worn out and dated. The seats are extremely uncomfortable whether it is a short or long haul flight."
Great Flight Status Notifications (All 7 in total),My first flights on JetBlue (BWI to Ft Lauderdale and then to Bahamas on partner Silver Airways with return a week later) with mixed results. First my return connection on same reservation with JetBlue partner Silver Airways from the Bahamas was rescheduled to an earlier flight
decent flight,"Too early in the morning (6am flight) but it got me to the resort before 11AM and I could enjoy that vacation day. Flight was crowded. Legroom was pretty comfortable even for my 6'4"" friend. Being TSA-preapproved helped getting to the gate, however, luggage check-in didn't"
Friendly helpful people,"We were greeted by Deidre at Atlanta Hartsfield Jackdon Airport. She stepped right in and helped when we probably appeared a little confused. She assisted in getting us a wheelchair and helped with our bags. Our gate was changed and we were assisted to our next gate. "
Ok flight,Stewardess were lazy and sat most of the flight. Extra leg room is BS in row 1 because of the bulkhead. Also row 1 at the window was cold. Not paying 5.00 for a blanket
Horrible service,I have never experienced such a horrible service. The flight from and to Philadelphia were 3-4 hours late and both times the excuses were ridiculous. The flight from philly was late because the pilot had enough hours for the day that he couldn't fly us to Ft. Lauderdale so we
Nice to fly with Jetblue,"No problems checking in, done via app a few hours before. Easy to pay for checked bag with app too. My only peeve is that the FL gate agents allow people to crowd around the entry line area (like they’re going to get on right away! ) We were sitting patiently and people were"
On time. Friendly staff. Orlando to BWI and back,Bought the ticket - no issues. Boarding was not a problem. Luggage was not a problem. The seats are still a little narrow but the leg room is good. My TV screen didn't work on the return flight but I was reading a book anyway. Great snacks on the plane. Left exactly on
Pleasant Flight,The plan was clean. The attendants were great! They saw to our every need. The flight was a little early on arrival at Aruba and back to JFK. Terra chips were a real treat!
Recent Trip to Boston,"Non stop flight to Boston on a Friday. Flight arrived early, Staff was great. We checked in quickly, Seats were comfortable, Plane was new. Baggage arrived quickly. Very happy with whole experience."
PLEASANT FLIGHTS,"Pleasant flights all around to and from and ON TIME, as well. Still cannot figure out, however, with all the flights to New Mexico, Texas, and the like (Westbound from Florida) why flights to Las Vegas go via New York, or Boston instead!?!? Makes no sense!"
has roomier seats even on economy flights,on time boarding; very comfortable wait area with food vendors and nearby restrooms; friendly staff;
JetBlue is the best airline we have flown recently.,Our flight left on time and arrived a bit early. The flight attendants were pleasant and efficient. In flight services were as expected - no disappointments.
Florida,"We love JetBlue. They are almost always on time. The seats are comfortable, the individual TV screens help pass the time, and you can have as many snacks and soft drinks as you want."
I heard it was great. It was!,"I'd heard great things about JetBlue. This was my first trip with the airline. The seats were comfortable... in economy! And they had great legroom. What a plus. The staff seemed really on top of things in the airport and on the plane. Why did I choose JB? Actually, I'd been"
Please read before booking,Countless times of disappointment. JetBlue used to be good and on point but my last 3 experiences were completely unacceptable and due to them I will never be flying with them again. (Neither will my 5 friends I was traveling with on this last flight) 1st flight they delayed it
Great service the fly across US,"The service and the affordability is great for JetBlue. Free Internet services abroad the plan, and with. Amazon Prime you can watch your own favorite programming as well."
SMOOTH FLIGHT,Enjoyed the flight from FL to DR. Paid extra to upgrade to business class. Well worth it. Traveled as a family so definitely needed the space. The flight crew members were professional and polite. Will definitely fly with JETBLUE in the future.
"Great Flights, Great Prices",Had a great flight from Boston to Orlando. Although it was a full plane and there were many children on board the flight was quiet and enjoyable. I actually had a TV screen that worked this flight. The aircraft seemed brand new as it was extremely clean and the seats were
Pleasurable.,The flight crew were very hospitable...even though meals had to be bought they were very generous with their smiles and as equally generous with the snacks. I travelled with my 95yrs old mom and they were very sweet to her.
"JetBlue is a great airline! Best seat comfort and legroom available. Flight service impeccable, very professional and fr","JetBlue is a great airline! Best seat comfort and legroom available. Flight service is impeccable, very professional and friendly. The flight crew is always great at providing flight information."
Nice flight,First time flight to Colombia and it was a very good experience! The airport was a great location...short time to hotel!
JetBlue Great Flight Bad Weather,"I paid economy fare for a flight from LaGuardia Airport in New York City to West Palm Beach, Florida. When you receive the cheapest fare, they warn you that there are no alterations allowed. However, my plans changed a week before my flight. However, I purchased the ticket"
Terrible service and attitude,"3/9/17 From the minute we boarded it started to go downhill..I had the regulation size suitcase to carry on and we were near the front of the plane, 3 rows from door 3C& 3D. There was no room in the overhead by us or the ones in front of us so the bad attitude stewardess, forgot"
"Great fight, great airline",We just had a great flight from JFK to fort Lauderdale. As always great flight and great service from JetBlue.
Review of Flight #1669 JFK-PUJ 09:12 AM - 01:06 PM,"I'm a big fan of JetBlue, and on our recent trip to Punta Cana my partner & I chose JetBlue (Flight #1669) from JFK to Punta Cana to get down there. We enjoy the level of service usually provided, and always opt. for more space, more speed to enjoy a more comfortable flight, and"
"Frequent traveler*** One of my faves... Excellent flight, friendly crew","Had a very bad experience at the Airport checking in, but JetBlue staff made up for it. Got an upgraded seat. I've been traveling JetBlue for many years and the service has always been excellent. The only downside is all these additional luggage fees, but instead of paying $100"
Frequent traveler,"Excellent experience! I was traveling with family which included 4 children under the age of 5 yrears old. Our flight was seamless from check in to departure. The seats on the plane were decent size, snacks served and good service. No complaints. Will travel JetBlue when"
GREAT!,"Legroom was great, service was SOOO GOOD! Loved how they give everyone one can of soda. entertainment was ok."
Friendly crew and smooth flight,This was our 4 trip to Puerto Rico so far this year and the flight crew has been amazing!! All the snacks and drinks you want and all seats recline and have tv to watch your favorite shows. Plus all movies are free and you can choose from more than 20 new films or about 50 other
Great Flight to NYC,Great flight! Everyone was friendly and we love the extra leg room. The flight was early landing which was a plus.
True BLue,"It was an average flight, uneventful and nothing noteworthy. Limited to airlines that travel to St. Thomas and since the hurricanes very few fly direct."
comfortable and economical,"The airfare itself was reasonable. However, I chose the extra legroom but I felt the cost was a bit pricey. With allowance for 2 carry-ons I felt no need to check baggage. The service was very good and efficient. I enjoyed the TV screen on back of the seat which had a good"
"A night mare,",I am a disabled traveler confined to an electric wheelchair. As in the past Jet blue goes out of its way to make disabled passengers unwelcome. I had to call for the CRO (complaint resolution officer) and he had all the customer service attitude of a rabid pit bull. For
Uneventful-,"Taking and landing were on time,flight was smooth. What more could you ask for on a 2 hour trip. Cost of extra space seats is too much, but it does include TSA pre-check and priority boarding."
"Perfect flight! Arrived early, luggage unloaded quickly","Everything was great, from boarding to flying to landing to getting luggage. Flight attendants were excellent offering snacks and beverages, picking up trash, etc. I love that I can watch TV and/or movies as well. Makes the flight go by faster. Because the flight arrived in"
Great flight,"We just flew to San Francisco to see family. We flew from JFK because that is the only airport they fly non-stop from the New York area. We flew Extra Legroom which was great because we had plenty of room and you have priority screening as well. It was a little pricey but, in"
Jetblue my boo,I am a frequent flyer of JetBlue and love their terminal and service out of NY. I enjoy my flights with them and they have a tender place in my heart. I love to travel but hate to fly and JetBlue makes me comfortable so I choose them every time.
smooth flight,Flight was first one of the day. Very easy flight and got home earlier than expected. Two children slept through the trip.
Good Flight,We have flown JetBlue to Aruba often. Our recent flight was good. The crew is attentive and the passengers were respectful. My only complaint was on our return to JFK from Aruba our luggage did not appear for over 40 minutes which is unlike JetBlue. Also JetBlue had our
Twenty years later.. Its gets me where I need to go and comfortably..,March 2018.. 4th snow storm(nor easter) looming to hit on Wed.. the day of my flight.. Jetblue was proactive in allowing passengers two days ahead of storm to change their flights without hassle. Got out with minimal delay.. this is one of the reasons I seek to fly them time
Good Flight,"First off, this was my first time flying to the Domincan Republic. I was flying with my boyfriend and another couple. The check bag process was difficult at JFK. The kiosks are great and give you your boarding pass and sticker for your luggage right there. However, to drop off"
All the good service negated by lost luggage,I would have given JetBlue a 10. Everything up to my arrival in Medellin was excellent. Even free wifi and DirecTV on the transcontinental leg. But they get a 3 overall because they lost my luggage. Who knows where it is but there were many people who boarded in San Francisco
Relaxed flight,"Had a great flight back home from Orlando. The weather coming back was rainy and reports of choppy air. The pilots did a great job keeping the flight as smooth as possible. The attendants were very nice and accommodating. The flight was shorter then expected , we arrived 15"
FLIGHT CANCELLED AFTER 3 HOURS,"As much as i wish to voice my appreciation for JetBlue i am sorry to say that this recent experience has been the worst of my life. I was traveling with my mother, fiance and 5 siblings from Santiago, Dominican Republic to Newark, New Jersey after a 13 day trip in Dominican"
Great Flight,JetBlue always delivers fantastic customer service. We flew from SLC to SAV and had the best experience. Their in flight Wi-Fi really helped to pass the time as TV doesn’t always keep me occupied.
not as good as I thought,"I’ve heard many great things about JetBlue so I decided to fly them for the first time last week it wasn’t the best. The good things were that wifi is fast and free, free IFE, free snacks, and amazing legroom. However, there was only 1 flight attendant and he was unprofessional"
Great Flight!,"It was an easy one hour and half flight. Good snacks, comfy seat and the plane wasn't full. Flight attendance were good and helpful."
Love the snacks,"Still, with all the delays and sometimes troubles, they are the best airline to travel. They still give snacks. Carryon with no fee."
Even with a late flight I was happy (but tired),"Well we were supposed to take of at about 5:00 pm but instead took off at 10:00 pm. So most people would be mad, but before we left for the airport I got a text about the delay, then another, and another... It was much nicer to wait at home and get the texts about the delays. "
Having trouble with disability help,"Historically, I've been pretty happy with JetBlue. However, in recent months, when I've traveled with them, I've been frustrated with the lack of support for my disability. It seems that only if you're in a wheelchair do they recognize your disability. I've had to change"
The seats and availability of flights are great. The personnel and CEO leave a lot to be desired.,"The seats are the most comfortable of any airline, and the cleanliness is fine. The on-time performance has improved considerably. The snacks on short flights (choice of two) are okay. But there is no real beverage service: it's water or nothing. They always say it's because"
The Worst...TOO many delays!!!!,"Why would I decide to go back to JetBlue after all these years, just too damn awful for words. JetBlue needs to close its doors forever. Always a problem, snow, no snow, sunny, etc. I’ll use an airline that has respect for their customers. $2,300. for 3 tickets is outrageous"
Short but Sweet,"After arriving at RIC, we walked through security (we were the only people) and were at our gate two hours before our flight. We discovered that our flight was delayed about ten minutes. After lounging around the airport with nothing to do at all, we boarded. After a short taxi"
Off to Aruba,"jetBlue is # 1 in my opinion. Comfortable seating, legroom with a pay for more legroom option if required. Efficient in flight service, with courteous flight attendants. It seems to have ample overhead space for your carry-on. I would prefer to have a free light meal when"
"Jet Blue, what a pleasant flight","We booked on SAA, but our first flight was with a partner, Jet Blue. We had our doubts as it was our first experience on Jet Blue! What a pleasant experience!! Friendly staff, plenty of legroom in economy. Complimentary inflight entertainment, with a wide selection of movies, as"
Las Vegas trip,I like Jetblue because they are pretty dependable. Unfortunately Our outgoing flight to Las Vegas was 1 1/2 hours late departing NY making me miss an appointment.
It could have been better,Our flight leaving PBI was scheduled for a 5:47 AM departure. We arrived at the Jet Blue counter to check our one bag at 3:50 AM. We were told no one from Jet Blue arrives until 4:30 AM making me quite upset. The automatic check in machines in West Palm do not print out your
great airline,i love flying jet Blue but i am not a fan of the change to the boarding system.We used to board from back to front. now with the group numbers the rear is the last and there is always some people left over from the groups that went first clogging the aisle. how is this system
March 2018,"Never have a problem when traveling with Jet Blue. Flight Canceled from Hartford, Ct.. Jet Blue was able to get us out of White Plains and we were able to save 2-3 days of our vacation. Their agent John was very helpful."
Good flight,"Last flight had good experienced crew and pilot, however, weather was not good. but still situation was under control."
Yep - JetBlue,"What can you say, ontime departures, ontime arrivals, comfortable seating, great crew. Kinda leaves you at a loss to find anything really wrong/ Of course there are small things, but the overall is GREAT! When you can, fly JetBlue. Not much more I can say."
Smooth as Molasses!,"I am not a fan of flying and I am very picky of which airlines I will travel with and I must say.... JetBlue is the best airlines so far! I absolutely love the crew - they are quite funny, the menu is amazing (I ordered the cheese platter and a glass of wine), my husband logged"
This airline keeps changing the times,"We typically fly jet blue, but this has been changing lately. Every time I book a flight based on time, the time is changed by Jet Blue. On top of the changes which have occurred on every flight this past year, they also have constant delays. On our recent flight from SFO to"
Great airline but starting to slip,"I love flying this airline. I have been an exclusive flyer of this airline up until recent. The problem is that due to their growing popularity they feel that they can do whatever they want, charge whatever price they dream up, and this is their attitude because there are morons"
Jet Blue is becoming my go to airline,"This was our second trip to and from Grenada using Jet Blue and things went very smoothly. On our way back we faced what we thought would be a challenging flight. We volunteered to chaperone a rescued pot hound back to the states. To make matters worse, I decided to purchase a"
Excellent Flight,"Definitely, I have fly with other Airline's and with Jet Blue its always the best. I have experienced with Airlines were for ""NO aceptable reason"" the flight had left over 2 hpurs later, midding my connection. That is why I decide, if Jet Blue ia available to that city, I will"
Great,"JetBlue Airways is a very good airline. They are absolutely amazing in the respect of service and friendliness. The staff are very helpful and they all act like they really want to be there. Although the flight that I took was short, it was still long enough to get the vibes of"
Problem with just this flight,"This flight was on March 17th. I have had good luck with JetBlue but this flight was ""bad"". It was the stewert who never asked us for a drink and when he brought snacks around, he but the whole box on the back of the seat in front of us and several packages fell out. The only"
ANOTHER EXCELLENT EXPERIENCE,"Schedule flight departed on time with a very organized boarding process. Flight amenities were excellent. Flight departed and arrived on time. Ticket counter staff, TSA Officers, and Flight Crew were Excellent."
smooth flight,"jet blue is usually reliable, efficient and problem free. these flights were no different. i would have given 5 stars but a crew-member was rude to me about the overhead bin, it was totally unnecessary and disturbing."
Good flights No issues Just what we look for when we fly!,"Comfortable seats. Good leg room. Plane was a little “worn” inside. Tech was just ok. We liked the Directv but the movies start at takeoff. So if you don’t start watching, you jump in already in progress."
great crew,"Always enjoy flying JetBlue - free wifi, free movies, free snacks and drinks (unlimited), flight crew always friendly (often funny), large comfortable seats"
Always wonderful,"I always choose to fly on JetBlue when I can. They go out of their way to make your flight comfortable, with an extra inch on regular seats and the availability to purchase even more room seats."
"Everything that could hometowns, did","Flight was supposed to leave around 12.30OM. It was delayed due to some mechanical issue. We board an hour late and are told that the constant ""dinging"" was a computer issue that needed to be corrected. Another hour. Then the plane is ready to go and the little tractor that"
Great flight,"Flight was on time, comfortable plane with plenty of leg room. Great entertainment:TV, radio and movies to choose from. All the water and snacks you could eat...for free! Only negative was $25 charge for check-in baggage."
"If I could give them a zero, I would!","2 weeks before our flight they sent an email stating that our flight times had changed however, according to them, they had changed by no more than 30 minutes. Haha. What a joke. I spent extra money to get my flights at certain times. They didn't care. They changed our"
"JetBlue: The good, the bad and the overcrowded.","I’ve had a couple of round trips recently between South Florida and Jacksonville on JetBlue. I generally like the airline, but these flights have been packed and mostly late. Part of that is they happened at busy times, and there also have been some weather delays. I know that’s"
Normally we love JetBlue... but we had to sleep in the airport,We love JetBlue. Our flight out to Florida was great. Our flight back was delayed 9 hours and we had to sleep in the airport. Not fun
Always choose JetBlue,This is my favorite airline. I always try to use them if possible. They are either on time or early with their destinations.
Still the best,Our flight to Aruba and back on JetBlue was great as always. On the return fight we had a new plane that was fantastic. They even had a self serve area in the middle of the plane that had snacks and refreshments. I think they called it the Market. There was even more space and
Stuck on tarmac,Landed in Jax then waited 45 min on tarmac to get to gate. Bogus management of planes and gates. Not like we are st some super busy airport.
No frills great prices!,Flew from Long Beach to Las Vegas for business both ways flight was on time. They do charge for checked bags and you can save a little by doing so ahead of time. Plane was a smaller Airbus so seating was a little tight. The plane was clean and the flight attendants were polite.
As always jet blues the best,Had a 810 flight out of jfk the morning of the nor’easter and plane was ready and on time and was raining mix with snow . Jet blue had the plane de iced and to the runway and up and away we went. As always a great exsperience smooth ride great staff. Thanks jet blue. See you
Good to great,Other than the TV took multiple restarts ... it was a good flight. Staff friendly and helpful ... great personalities ... but the TV being a problem for nearly an hour kind of sucked. They should serve ice cream!
First Flight with JetBlue!,My family fly often but this was our first time with JetBlue. Due to an upcoming storm we were alerted by JetBlue that we should change our flights. We were able to leave on an earlier flight and change the layover from JFK to FLL with no penalties or fees. Much appreciated!
"Good Flight, but Lo-o-o-ng Layover in San Juan",JetBlue economy seats DO seem roomier than on most flights. Appreciated that they used both forward and aft doors when boarding in St. Thomas. Things moved MUCH quicker that way. Had a 3-hour layover in San Juan to connect to the flight going into Washington Reagan airport
Fort Lauderdale to Lima Peru..,"JetBlue is pretty much a no frills airline, They sell almost every thing, A blanket or earphones cost 5 dollars, no cash accepted. Luggage in my opinion is very expensive after the second checked bag, there were no checked bags included in the fare. The do serve complimentary"
The Accessibility Was Very Good,My wife recently had spinal fusion surgery and is challenged to walk more than a few feet at a time. The Accessibility section of JetBlue was fantastic both at JFK and SXM. The wheelchair attendants could not have been more helpful and reassuring in working us through
Great Flight,"The flight left on time and was a smooth flight, We upgraded to get more leg room which was nice. Snacks served are the usual ones and maybe one day they will get a better variety. Best feature is the TV with lots of channels."
Love JetBlue!,Great direct flight and Jetblue also accommodated our return flight to Boston a day earlier to avoid a snow storm and waived all the fees. LOVE JETBLUE!!
A great team!,This was my first Jet Blue flight. I knew them by reputation - and I was not disappointed. Great flight crew and very helpful gate crew. Everything was as promised and it was an easy trip! I will fly with them again!
"A CLASSY JETBLUE ""MINT EXPERIENCE","Never had flown Jet Blue...but this a was a last minute business trip with a client that doens't fly coach. He booked this ""MINT"" service that was priced $2,000 less that all the other airliness for a ""First Class/Business Class"" fully recllining lie flat bed seat experience"
GREAT ONBOARD PERKS FOR FARE,"We got a flash sale flight/hotel package for a very reasonable total price. Five star hotel in the heart of the theatre district. JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines and I wish they flew to San Antonio which is where I live. We flew out of Austin. Flight crew was awesome,"
High Value JetBlue airline,JetBlue offers consistent quality and value for the dollar Seating is 6 across ....extra space available at a premium Checking bags at a premium....do you detect yet a pattern Staff end to end is courteous and responsive Offers healthy snack and beverage alternatives Free TV
Always love travelling on JetBlue,"I traveled from Boston to Charlotte Amalie, St Thomas, on spring break - the week of March 10 through 17 - on an 8:00 a.m. flight on Saturday. That is always a busy time, and I expected some delays, but all went very well. JetBlue does not have curbside check-in in Boston"
"Quick flight, no frills, and it “worked.”",I needed a short flight to get to my kid’s Spring Break and this airline had the nonstop option from Ft Lauderdale to Montego Bay. I was reprimanded because I put my backpack in the overhead bin. Wow! I wasn’t sure about that comment. The seats were small but the flight
redeye from Seattle to NY,"Redeyes are the only was I travel west to east, and JetBlue has a quiet calming interior, i like to sleep with the background hum."
Great airline,I fly jet blue often and it’s my favorite domestic airline. The seats are comfortable with leg room for a tall person and a tv at every seat but it’s best to bring your own headphones
"Good service, old plane and no more free anything.","My wife and 2 of our kids flew from JFK to Long Beach, was a full flight. Did not have any issues with service or flight. But the plane we had was very old, screens were tiny and nothing except water was free on the plane. Overall for the price, can’t complain."
Worcester Airport (It's Like Your Own Personal Airport),"Jetblue is the only passenger airline that flies out of Worcester Ma. No lines, no waiting, no crowds. Easy in easy out. Could have flown out of Boston, or Providence cheaper, but not worth the hassle. The only downfall is they don't have a lot of flights. The flight was on"
Always Delivers,Always a pleasure flying JetBlue....the pilot keeps passengers informed and Flight Attendents are always friendly and accommodating. Flew Delta the other day and there were no TV screens.......guess we're spoiled with Jet Blue !!
JetBlue was just fune,"JetBlue is always a good deal. Their planes are new. You get free crackers. Everyone is friendly. As with ALL airlines they should make passengers check their bags and include it in the overall cost, which would mean we'd all get on and off the plane faster and with far less"
I love JetBlue,"Checking in at the airport with a group of 20, I thought this might be difficult. Wrong. Everything went so smoothly, from baggage check, thru security and boarding. We had a direct flight from BOS-LIR, and everything was easy. My speakers didn't work well, so I didn't"
Frequent dlyer,"Flight was a little late leaving, but communication was very good from the airlines telling us. I had no in flight entertainment since my screen wouldn't turn on. Couldn't listen to music or watch a movie. When I contacted customer service about it a few days later, I was"
Jet bluehoo,This has to be the worst airline. You book your trip 3 months ahead and you end up at the back of the plane in the last row. This was our anniversary trip to Reno and this so called airline runed or trip. On our return trip we had to pay 40 dollars more just to get our seats BS
Excellent flight,"The staff and pilot all did an excellent job. Pilot kept in touch with good humor. He pointed out Mercury, which was a nice touch. He was able to avoid bad weather"
First time with Jet Blue,This was our first time flying Jet Blue. We flew round trip and both flights were on time. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to fly Jet Blue again.
Always a great experience,"I feel like a broken record when it comes to airlines, but I’ve never had a bad experience with JetBlue. This was no different. Left on time. Great staff. Smooth flight."
Absolutely Perfect,Jetblue is easy peasy to fly on. Everything is extremely user friendly. The direct flight is perfect and we will always use. The flight attendants are just what you need and have a good sense of humor.
On Time Departure and Early Arrival,"JetBlue consistently provides great service and fair prices. Since JetBlue started charging for checked baggage, more and more people are carrying on. At the gate they offered passengers to check their carry on bag for free since it was a full flight and the overhead"
Not Bad,"Not a bad airline. It is close to so called low cost though but just a notch above. The attendants were professional and Friendly. If the major carriers have a comparable price which seems to be often, I would take the major airline if there are no connections. All in all, if"
Jet Blue is my airline of choice.,I prefer flying Jet Blue. I feel I get the best buy for my money. I also feel their web site is a bit easier for me to use since I am not that computer savvy. I also like that the have two non-stop flights to Aruba daily. I also like their flight staff.
Direct us the way to go,This was 1st time flying direct on Jet Blue. The price was a little more expensive but worth it when you just want to get there. It reminded me back in the day when they had chartered flights to destinations. It was nice. Everyone on the plane in a good mood all going to a fun
Good leg room,"Lots of leg room, timely departure and arrival. Great flight attendants and snacks. Quick time to baggage arrival."
"Comfortable trip, on time","Comfortable seats, complementary snacks and drinks, live tv, wi-fi, on time, ı was in front raws which have even more legroom."
Great seats with extra room compared to the other airlines.,"This was our first time flying JetBlue. We were pleasantly surprised with the nice, firm leather seats and leg room in economy. Anytime JetBlue is price competitive, they will be our preferred airline."
Average Services in every way,"I flew this airline on the last leg of a very long journey, from Nairobi to New York to Kingston and back again. New York Kingston very long delay.. Kingston New York I missed my flight , i found the staff at Kingston to be very unhelpful, totally uncooperative. Compared to"
A LONG wait ... although there were seats available,"Since I wasn't sure of the time we would arrive in Ft Lauderdale, I booked on the last flight of the day (10 PM). It turned out that we were at the airport by 1 PM. There were several flights during the afternoon, all with empty seats... but we couldn't change our tickets"
returning from NYC,my daughter and I flew back to PHX from NYC after a very long and busy week in the city ....we loved the flight!!
JetBlue: a cut above the rest... but not by much,"More leg room has more leg room than other American airlines and definitely more courtesy and professionalism. However, it's still just a blah experience. It was just the first leg of my journey to England. Like all airlines, they charge extra for anything other than a carry"
Disgrace and irresponsible attitude,1..Connecting flight 718 from JFK to Boston Didn't arrive on time. 2.Inside the plane we were informed our pilot didn't arrive from Boston yet. 3. Later it was announcement what one engine out of order.4.After long time next announcement arrived: electronic system doesn't work.
Great Leg Space.,"Great leg space. Seats are no more comfy than any other ship. Screen in front was bright and could not be turned off even though it was tried. Yes this is better than Delta hands down, but their aircraft and service is falling."
Very Friendly,"My wife and I had a great experience on jetBlue. The gate agents were very friendly and helpful. Zach, the flight attendant, was overly kind and actually went through the entire cabin just to shake everyone's hand; I have never seen that on a flight before. The entertainment"
"Rude flight attendants, inconvenient baggage policies, terrible in-flight entertainment","Recently flew from New Orleans to NYC: The flight attendants were incredibly rude. They were argumentative and combative before we even took off, yelling at multiple guests if they asked to use the bathroom before take-off. I get that they wanted to take off, but the flight"
6pm Boston - 9:30pm Long Beach - ideal flight,"Ideal flight for business travel... LGB is a very small, very easy airport to work with. Fantastic food in the little bistros - it’s very much an “OC” type of experience. The flight was comfortable and arrived on time no problem. Would have liked a power plug at my seat, but at"
Story of a disaster trip,"I am 63 years old, have never been late to an airport and, have NEVER missed a flight. I do not complain about safety in airports. I do not care if I have to take off my shoes when I have not been TSA approved. I do not care about the lines the hassles, the pat down at the"
Still as great as last year!,"Even though it is an hour and a half trip from our home to catch a JetBlue Connection, the personnel never disappoints. It is indeed an airline that has terrific ground personnel as well as flight attendants. The reservation agents do not fall sort either, they are just as"
Gate changes are horrific with delays,"Flight was fine,but delays in Fort Lauderdale were very bad. Not only our flight, but other/several JetBlue flights were delayed. The biggest problem was Jetblue kept changing the gate numbers, I witnessed 2 people miss their flights due to gate changes. You also could not"
A step above,JetBlue is a more considerate airline than United or Delta. Those two make you feel a great deal like cattle.
Broken TV's/Free Drinks,"The TV's were not working for the flight, so the drinks were on the house. I got toasted for free at 2 o'clock in the afternoon and it made the flight easier, plus, the flight was empty"
Stinky feet,"JetBlue is our airline of choice for service, reliability, price and extra leg room seating. However, having to sit next to another passenger who felt it was OK to remove her shoes and put her bare feet on the seat back and on her seat was disgusting. The lack of manners,"
First time on Jet Blue,"Found an awesome fare from Houston to Boston for $50 and figure out why not!? Even though I have never flown them, I figured I would take a chance. Service both in terminal and in the air was amazing, plenty of space between seats, great free entertainment! Traditional"
Another Disappointment,I cannot believe the type of service provided by this airline. Each time I've travelled with you it's been because I had a credit due to some type of service issue. I've given your company more than enough money and the lack of security and professionalism I witnessed on this
Great value ......,We had another successful flight on Jetblue. We use several different airlines each year based on flight times/cost etc. The overall value is great on Jetblue. Their seats are by far more comfortable than any other coach/economy seats of the other airlines. I had also forgotten
First flight with jetBlue,Was notified the night before by text that our flight was canceled due to mechanical failure. We did need to speak with two represenitives two different times to get the real story. I called back post return fight to get compensation. Although initially we were irritated we did
Fun in the skies with JETBLUE,Once again Jetblue made me happy to fly with there airline. I had a window seat and enjoyed the view taking off and landing. The flight was smooth and the crew very professional. I look forward to flying with Jetblue again in the future.
Great trip!!,"We recently flew from Berlungton,VT to Orlando Floirda and back. We used JetBlue and travel was outstanding. They are punctual,friendly and very efficient!! Thier phone app is excellent, it kept up aprised of all updated on our flight and was very user friendly. Their rewards"
"Delays, delays, delays!",Will probably be the last time to fly with JetBlue! Constant delays! Plus they switch gates all of the time. Only redeeming quality is their snacks on board.
Can't beat the price!,"If you are flexible with your timing, you cannot beat Jetblue prices. We have consistently had good service and good experience with JetBlue. We love the easy service out of Westchester County airport, too."
First timer - no complaints.,It was our first time flying with JetBlue. Everything was good. It seemed that the space at each seat was bigger than other airlines. It was a comfortable flight. Not sure if this is normal for JetBlue but they did not charge for our drinks.
Dislike their pet policy,I am a long time JetBlue flyer and Mosaic member. The flights are on time most of the time - better than most. The staff is pleasant. I pay extra for the Even More Space for leg room. Two of my last three flights have been torture!! Each time there has been a cat stashed under
Great airline!,We have flown JetBlue 3 times flying out of JFK to Aruba and have had excellent experiences on each flight. The service was good and inflight movies were always good. We would highly recommend JetBlue.
Great flight,Flight left early and arrived early. Smaller plane but clean and comfortable. Flight attendants pleasant and professional.
Love this airline!!,"I love flying with this airline, even though I've only been on them twice .I love the screens on the back of the seats so you can see your flight path. Plenty of legroom even in coach!!"
JetBlue Consistently Good...First Class was B+ Experience,"We enjoy flying with JetBlue on a regular basis so we decided to pay the extra amount and try their new Mint (First Class) Experience. The ""pod"" seats were fantastic - very comfortable and fun. The reason I would only give the experience a B+ was because the service was hit"
Not a problem obtaining seats together,"Jet Blue is by far one of the better airlines I enjoy traveling on when visiting the Caribbean. For the most part they are frequently on time, pleasant and I feel they offer the most leg room even when you do not upgrade to extra leg room."
Flights departed on time and even arrived early. No problems with my experience.,"Both flights to and from were uneventful. Flights departed on-time and we even arrived home early. No issues, flight attendants were pleasant."
"A good, comfortable flight...but the flight out/into Richmond Int'l airport was AMAZING.","I have become very jaded with air travel...I remember the days of zero security, flights with empty seats you could switch into, seats with real leg-room (not ""extra room"", that means two inches returned from the 12 they have taken out). JetBlue was comfortable, but not"
"JetBlue beats United, American and Delta.","As airlines go, Jet Blue is one of the best in the USA. The only glitch is not telling passengers there are no gangways off the aircraft in Barbados, only stairs to the tarmac and those passengers in the rear deplane through the back galley."
Jet Blue Rocket Ship Coming Home,"Note that we usually get the first flight out of JFK when heading to Mexico or the Caribbean in order to get to our destination early and move through security quickly. Nevertheless, Jet Blue was up to its usual standards. Boarded quickly, trip out was on time and we were on"
Connecting flight and smooth as silk,"I was able to book a connection through JFK with a small layover. And for the first time I checked luggage and it went directly to POP and it only cost me $25. Flight was early, as seems to be the case with JetBlue. Great service on the ground and in the air."
"No Holds Barred, Smooth Flight Experience","I really appreciate how JetBlue makes the airline flight process easy/painless. I fly often and have made a personal comparison with other airlines. The process of arranging for the airline flight, responding to customer orders, boarding the plane and in-flight snacks and"
Expected a bit more courtesy from the flight crew,"My wife and I flew with JetBlue on Friday evening, March 2nd, 2018, from JFK New York to Oakland California, arriving in the early hours of Saturday morning. The booking process was fine, and we had no problems with the online check-in. JetBlue staff at JFK airport were okay"
Perfect,"Flight left on time, attendant's were pleasant & we arrived ahead of time. Only wish they could control turbulence but I know that is out of their hands."
Mean flight attendant,"Sad to say but I think this woman needs to find another career. She lacks patience and appeared fake. When she approached us to ask what we wanted to drink I responded a coke and water please, but she frowned as if it bothered her that I asked for 2 drinks. She came back"
Better than American and United but that's not saying much!,"The US Airline industry is a mess. All major airlines are bad although JetBlue is a bit better than the others. Flying on any any US airline is no longer fun! Long lines, dirty planes, bad service and on top of it all they charge for everything under the sun. I'm sure this too"
Mint Class - FANTASTIC!,"My first experience with Mint Class Jet Blue. I heard about it, and decided to try. It was fantastic! It’s simply the best domestic business (first) class! The seats are great (fully reclined), the tv and movies are great, the foods and drinks are great, and the service I"
bos to cun,we flew on JetBlue and appreciated the level of service we received. from airport to airport the 4 hour flight was comfortable and quiet. the leg room is spacious and generous.
Staff is always courteous and planes ae clean,Always close to schedule courteous staff. Our flight had been cancelled due to weather three days earlier and we had to stay 3 more days than planned. The process was as good as they could have made it for us.
I always fly JetBlue,"Yes, I always fly JetBlue. The planes are always clean, the flights have been great and the service and ease of use to book and fly is top notch. My most recent flight from PBI to Westchester was not the best. A bumpy flight, and once we landed and arrived at the gate, the plane"
Great to Travel in jetBlue,"I do not give it a 5 star because of the mixed up with the seats. Thank God the lady at the Gate in NYC was so nice to place me next to my husband. Besides this incident, I wouldn’t travel with any other airline."
Best airline to fly on!,"This is the best airline i've ever flown on, customer service is excellent, always leaves on time and I never have any trouble with ny luggage."
Excellent airline,"I had never heard of this airline before; however, the price, departure time and destination were just right. What an amazing airline. The staff was very friendly and professional. Not only did you get a soft drink/water and choice of assorted snacks, but they have free movies"
Always good service,"I like to flight in Jet Blue, because the have good prices, comfortable seats, fast check in time and courteous employees."
First Leg To St Martin,"Quick boarding, nice crew, smooth flight, on time if not a little early. Once at SJU, asked Jetblue personnel where Air Antilles gate was and none of them knew, a minor strike again them. Flight was great though."
Handled situation great,Luggage broken fell got my foot stuck in the hole but they helped allot I fell in front of the flight lady on the plane she said go do a report up front dident understand what to do collected my baggage was rip but wanted to go home to a 2 hour drive my foot hurt the next day
Early morning flight should serve breakfast,"Flight uneventful. Would think an 8:39 AM flight would serve breakfast. You are only offered a choice of beverage and a choice of snacks which consist of chips, cookies, or crackers. I don’t know about you, but 8:30 AM is too early to be offered potato chips!"
There’s a reason a keep flying JetBlue,"The flight attendants are lovely, you have in seat entertainment and good leg room compared to other airlines (which is key for Aruba direct flight from northeast as it is ~4.5 hrs). We were affected by the snow storm on our way back, called to change as our connecting flight"
"Thumbs up JetBlue, Thumbs Down JFK","I've flown JetBlue twice now and it's been a lovely experience - a terrific value for the money and by far the very best of all the discount airlines. However, their gates at Terminal 5 at JFK are beyond disgusting - which is probably NY Port Authority issue, but still it's"
Definitively the best airline to fly from PR,"The price, service, space, cleanliness, in flight movies, the internet notifications prior the flight are unbeatable. Until;recently the first cargo luggage was free, hopefully they will revert this. But still, I always try to get my air flights from Jetblue."
Solid affordable airline,"I like Jetblue. I find they are relatively honest and have decent rules, unlike many other airlines. Their flights are affordable and they will not rip you off over carryons like Spirit and the attendants are nice and professional."
THe only way to go!!,"We only fly JetBlue now because they treat you with respect, especially being older and in a wheelchair sometimes. We have done this flight dozens of times and they are just great!! On time most of the time and the service is super all the time!!"
Long Waits,"Jet Blue is generally very good Our flight was fine, but the check-in and baggage claim was horrible We were TSA Pre Checked and still took an hour and 10 minutes to clear security. TSA blamed it on FAA booking too many flights too close together When we arrived in Boston we"
Always a great experience,This is always a full flight and the day we flew out was no exception. The flight was boarded and left a little early. We were in Even More Space seats which are great for the extra legroom. Cabin service was what you expect; friendly and efficient. We arrived into Costa
Great Experience,"I flew a different airline to San Diego and the difference was incomparable. The flight attendents were so nice and really treated you like a human unlike airlines such as Air Canada and United. They gave real snacks as well like Cheez-Its, etc. There were plenty of television"
"Top pro's, accommodating and as always---the most leg room!","We have flown JetBlue for over a decade. Why? They kept prices competitive, kept seats spaced comfortably and kept the TV at every seat. We love what they did for the Floridians during the hurricanes of 2017---offering $99 for anyone to fly out of state before it hit land. A"
JetBlue is the BEST !!!,"When possible, we only fly JetBlue even if it costs just a little more. They are the greatest people to work with. I had to call from Aruba the 800 line to get my mother a wheelchair because she fell and the women could not have been nicer. When we got to the airport, they"
All First Class Seating :-) Affordable fare from Cleveland,"If you have business in Boston, non-stop from Cleveland to take you to downtown before 9 am and at a very affordable price. The leg room is sufficient, everyone treated as First Class Citizens :-) like Southwest. I had to cancel my flight due the the bad snow in March 2018,"
Improvement in Attitude Noted,"Boarding gate representatives have become friendlier and more efficient over the past two years. JetBlue uses Embraer-190s on its winter month, late day flights to/from Chicago from JFK. Unlike its diminutive relative, the E-175 (operated by other domestic carriers) is a"
Easy breezy,"What can I say, I been flying JetBlue for many years now, easy booking, easy check in and for a low cost carrier the service is very good."
Return Flight much better,Return flight from Barbados to Newark was much better as the inflight movies and wifi all worked. Service was good again and legroom and comfort of the flight were all acceptable. The flight left on time and got into Newark on time as well. I would use Jet Blue again.
Good and ontime,First time flyer on Jet Blue and the service and on time departure from Newark to Barbados was good. My only complaint was no wifi going to Barbados or Movies as they were not working. On a 5 hour flight that is tough to take. Seats were a good size.
Non-stop the only way to go,"We always look for non- stop flights if available, and for our flight to the Dominican Republic our favorite is the red eye it leaves Boston usually around 10 pm and gets into Santo Domingo around 2 am the best part about this flight is the airport is not as busy at this time,"
Blue Angel,Flew JB RT to SJU from JFK. On time and great service!!! Upgrade to even more space for extra legroom. Onboard service to SJ is always on point.
Family Red Eye,For our recent family vacation to Miami for a cruise we chose to use the JetBlue late night flights. The flights were full but very well handled. We flew with them from Salt Lake to Florida and back at the end of our cruise. I’ve never been on a JetBlue flight before. I’ve heard
First time with JetBlue and my LAST!,"I was booked by a travel agent on Jet Blue round trip from PHL to SJO where I was joining a senior citizens’ tour of Costa Rica. Big surprise when I checked in for the PHL to FLL leg and I had to pay for my checked bag. Your website said that if I pay in advance, it would be"
Flying for Honeymoon,We flew on Jetblue for our Washington DC honeymoon. Buying tickets was an easy process and checking in was simple.
Surprisingly good!,"The flight from NY was on time. The seats ware comfortable with enough legroom. The staff on board was friendly, fast and very helpful. A small snacks served was OK, nothing special. Currently this is the most convenient flight to St. Maatren."
second disappointing flight with JetBlue,"This is the second flight this year that had multiple delays by Jet Blue, however this flight we had a ""four day delay"" leaving my wife and I in Turks and Caicos. This created issues with not enough medication, finding housing, food, extended time away from work, extending dog"
Always one of my first choices,"When looking for a flight, JetBlue is always one of my first choices. Most of the places we fly to from logan are direct flights on Jet Blue, the prices are usually reasonable, the seats are fairly comfortable and the TV/internet options are usually good. TVs on some of these"
"Delay, delay, delay - but good service","JetBlue is a quality airline. One of my favorites. I just happened to be flying on a weekend when the East Coast got hit with a Nor'Easter. After the understandable weather delays, there was an unfortunate mechanical delay. The communication was good about it, though. I also"
Good flights,"Typical flight. The prices were good, the service was good. Reservations were easy to make, check in and ticketing was easy. Very accommodating when our flight was cancelled. Delays on the way home, but they were weather related. We will fly with them again."
Always Great Airline,"Flew from Richmond to Orlando on a Saturday. Check in, bad check, boarding we’re all so easy and thorough. Flight attendants were fantastic. Even had a monitor at each seat to watch TV, movies listen to radio. Lots to choose from with snacks and beverages. Always like to fly"
Decent flight but connection was terrible,"JetBlue from Baltimore to Key West with a connection in Fort Lauderdale - sounds simple, right? Well, it wasn't. The flight from Baltimore to Ft Lauderdale was fine - a bit delayed but weather wasn't that great. Get into Ft Lauderdale to find we have to EXIT the terminal 3,"
Good flight,"My first time flying on JetBlue. After figuring out kiosk check in procedure, all went smoothly. Plane was clean... flight attendants friendly... good flight."
Often not on time,We often fly Jet Blue out of LGB because the fares are usually low because they are competing with Southwest. We like the roomy planes and free TV (when it connects) but Jet Blue seems to have problems with being on time. Our last flight was 2 1/2 hrs late. Thankfully I had text
It had it's highs and lows!,"Great trip leaving JFK to New Orleans. Usually prefer to fly JetBlue extra leg room and clean nice terminals. Not always the greatest at leaving on time, but still better than most. Flight back cancelled twice because of Nor'easter."
GETTING SCREWED,"Once on, things were okay. However, I had come from Bangkok on Emirates with a five hour layover in Dubai. I was exhausted and I wasn't feeling well. I had a small suitcase and a North Face bag that I could have taken on the plane. Tired and a tad sick, I checked both in. I"
Fast flight to Curacao,flight 111 going and 1112 returning were fast. We even departed Curacao a few minutes early and arrived 30 min early. A beverage and bag of chips/cookies were served on the flight. There was a choice of movie or TV programs at your seat. The movies were new ON DEMAND movies.
Don't Fly Another Carrier,"If I cannot fly Jet Blue, I don't go. Best airline value, extra leg room, TV and always wonderful staff."
"smooth going down, but return was crappy","Going down was a breeze...full flight, but everyone got on and took their seats fast....the return was horrible....same full flight...people fighting to get on the plane...seats were old and uncomfortable....the TV and audio was just awful, kept going in and out....the"
Nice Flight,Great way to get to outstanding skiing in the Sierra's. Non stop and takes only an hour. This is a much better option than a very long drive from SoCal. Both airports are easy to get into and out of. Flight attendants very friendly and helpful! Best leg room for any airline
Jet Blue is one of our favorite domestic airlines,"Although our flight was delayed about an hour and Newark airport is so overcrowded the flight itself was fine. The legroom was adequate, I love the direct TV and the free WiFi."
Comfortable and efficient,"The trip back home was a little delayed due to weather. Once the plane took off it was smooth sailing, I mean flying. Staff is professional, and courteous. Captain gave updates throughout the flight. Seats are comfortable with sufficient legroom, and the plane is clean.Multi"
Direct Flight to Fort Myers,"Only two airlines offer direct flights from Bradley to Fort Myers. One of them is a low budget airline that no one seems to like because of cramped, dirty planes and lousy service. The other is JetBlue. JetBlue delivered in our round trip to our vacation spot in Fort Myers. "
Consistently Good,"jetBlue has made flying domestic routes a positive experience again. Attentive, polite check-in and boarding staff. On-time departure and arrival. All the things we have appreciated in the past were noted again - better legroom, generous snack service throughout the flight, and"
One of the better airline experiences,"Jet Blue manage to provide reasonably comfortable planes, pleasant crews at better than most prices. Whatever happened to American aviation where lousy service and high prices have become the norm?"
direct and efficiant,"JetBlue's Terminal T5 at JFK is great. International entry was simple and efficient. The only ""complaint"" is that food on board was extremely limited. Bring your own on board if you need/want a meal. Otherwise, flights on time or early!"
Comfortable Flight!!,"leg space a plus, gave us a small snack, and drinks you had to pay for it. clean and comfortable.. smooth flight.."
"Friendly staff, smooth flight","Got an earlier flight due to the storm. Online customer service very helpful. Boarded ontime. Staff as introduced. Got out before storm got bad, arrived on-time."
Pleasantly surprised,"So, here's the thing...I travel every week and I'm 6'5"" tall weighing in at 250lbs, which means I'm not built for travel. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I flew JetBlue the first time. Most regional planes that have two seats on each side are usually nightmares with"
LONG DELAYS! Among Other things. I always try to leave good reviews but...,"I wanted to check the newly established non-stop flight from Orlando, FL to Port-au-Prince, Haiti. My flight was supposed to be at 11.39 from Orlando. We didn't leave until after 2:00pm. Nothing was offered to passengers for such a long delay. Not even bottled water. I thought,"
Love JetBlue,"We have always been happy with JetBlue. Our flight was calm, left and arrived a few minutes early. JetBlue proved their customer service on this trip. We inadvertantly left an ipad on the plane. We notified JetBlue immediately. Their lost and found system was very efficient. We"
Visiting Friends,"Jetblue is a great airline, I fly them often and I’m never disappointed. The seats are comfortable and the flight attendants have always been pleasant."
Dependable Service,The flight attendants go out of their way to assist with the over head baggage even though people bring way too much luggage on board. The snack & drinks are a bonus. Only wished I knew about using my own headphones. My seat didn't recline. Made for a long hual.
Awesome customer service!,"I just wanted to come on here and say what a great experience I had with JetBlue customer service! I had a unique and stressful situation and last minute, at that...and it took a couple lengthy phone calls but, not one representative hesitated to help me. I am so pleasantly"
My Fave Airline,JetBlue is by far my most favorite airline to fly with. I always book the more space seats when booking a trip. Their new planes are designed for comfort (as comfortable as a plane seat can be without spending a fortune on first class). Staff is always friendly and they're one
Great airline!,"Great airline! Seats were roomier than most airlines. Great snack selection! We even received a ""flight credit"" after our vacation was over because we were delayed in Detroit because of inclement weather. Thanks, Jet Blue!!"
TPA TO JFK round trip,JetBlue aircraft was clean and up to date. Refreshments were plentiful and at no extra charge. Hot coffee by Dunkin Donuts.
Efficient,On time; all good. Service was efficient. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. Good entertainment selection.
Very happy,My husband and I flew non-stop to Cancun from Boston and back. No problems either way. Airline attendants were friendly and helpful. The pilot kept us inform at various times about the flight.
Reliable service,As usual the flight departed and arrived on time. Everyone was courteous. Snacks were good despitw the short flight. We spent an unusual amount of time on the tarmac when leaving Fort Lauderdale though. They took away complimentary headphones on the flight a while back; that was
my non stop to punta cana,jet blue is my favorite airline to travel . very smooth flight and even better that it was non stop to avoid wasting time when going on vacation.
No Blues on This Flight,"Check in at Jet Blue Terminal at JFK always a pain, as no first class on flights to Nassau. Kiosks are busy, and line for luggage can be harrowing. After this, things settle into vacation mode. Global entry gets you past security quickly. Lounge access with AMEX Platinum is a"
Great service and comfort,Booked through a 3rd party and forgot to check-in early as I normally do. The result was that my boyfriend and I had seats directly in front of each other in separate rows. As a nervous flyer-- especially with turbulence from flight headed West still fresh on my mind-- I was
Jet Blue Wins But Skip the Lap Dogs,"You've got to love JetBlue--generally on-time or they make it up in air, the novelty of blue chips, the TV & Movie options, flight attendants that seem to truly enjoy their jobs. Baggage stuff gets complicated... is it one bag for free or not? Savvy travelers wait til the gate"
The flight experience,"Let’s face it the flying part of a vacation is by far the big pain in the butt especially if you are leaving the country, JetBlue has their act together from the departure side of things while in the U.S. we fly to Cancun & ferry over to our fave island Mujeres. I have no idea"
Newark to Cancun Red-Eye flight isn't worth the savings.,"The check in and gate people were great, but the red-eye flight really wasn't worth the savings. We saved $ 40/ticket, but had to get up at 2 am to make a 5 am flight. There was no one at the airport to check us in when we got there, not until 1 hour before the flight was to"
Enjoyed the flight,"Love flying JetBlue. Flight was on time, TVs and Wifi worked. Got a snack and watched a movie. Thank you"
Good flight,Seats are wide and comfortable with the purchase of “extra leg space” for $36 pp extra.our overall ticket was quite price but that is our fault for bookin last minute. Tv in front of you.
Annual flight,"Have been flying JetBlue for over 10 years to Aruba and back and would not consider flying another airline. We never had a delay and always arrived on time or early. All the flight personnel are professional, courteous and highly competent in their respective responsibilities."
JetBlue has been the best so far!,Have used JetBlue fairly frequently to fly to San Francisco This time it was the day of a nor'easter which hit the entire east coast. It was a little scary to be flying but the pilot did a great job avoiding too much turbulence. We were delayed on the tarmac and the pilot
Cancelled flight,Never again will I book a flight with this airline. Cancelled my flight for no reason. I had to book with another airline to get home. If I wanted to go home a day later I would have planned it.
Ft Lauderdale to Washington National On Time,"Typical JetBlue efficient service. No problems, left and arrived on time. Flight was full so quite a few people had to check a carry-on. I was satisfied overall."
No hassles,"We had an easy flight, no fuss. It was pretty good. The plane was delayed coming back into New York, however, the turn around was quick, within one half hour. We boarded in a timely manner. Although we had to wait in line to take off, we arrived at out destination about 5-10"
Easy!,"We always fly on another airline, so we didn't know what to expect and were pleased. Easy boarding, checked bags at gate to make for quicker process - we didn't mind. A bit more legroom than we are used to. Easy trip both directions, despite a bit of delay on the return. I would"
Slowly falling from the top,JetBlue is always my first choice when flying. However my last few trips have been less than enjoyable. On my last flight from FLL to EWR it was extremely uncomfortable. When I got to the airport my flight was delayed although the JetBlue app still said it was on time. Not too
JetBlue proves low cost does not mean no service,"This was our first flight on JetBlue, We were pleasantly surprised by the level of service provided. All staff members were incredibly courteous and helpful. The seats were comfortable with adequate leg room. They even provided high quality snacks and full size drinks! I"
Best Airlines.Best Crew.Best Seats,"First time i use JetBlue i was impress, aircraft super new, seats amazing in space and confort , the crew also was excellent in attention, flight always on time, i will kick American with those seats just made for animals. Congratulation to JetBlue"
scary landing,There was a lot of turbulence on this flight which the pilot did warn us about however as we were landing the plane was going from side to side and not just a little bit...I really thought we might be in trouble.I fly Jet Blue all the time and I usually don't have a problem but
They really do try.,"Our flight was delayed due to it comming in from Mexico. Since it was delayed jetblue brought our snacks and drinks for us while in the airport. We we landing into some very rough weather, and the pilot did a wonderful job."
Stuck on plane for 4 hours!,"I have always traveled with Jetblue. Never had a problem. Until we connected in BWI during a bit of snow in February 2018. We boarded the plane and were on the tarmac for 4 hours, yes, 4 hours. Once boarded, the captain said we were delayed and we could get off the plane for a"
I'm True Blue,"I am a loyal True Blue member and JetBlue is my airline of choice. I even go so far to find out where they fly and plan trips around their destinations. I'm a frequent flier so I enjoy their humor, humanity (like fund raiser for Puerto Rico after hurricane Maria) and staff."
Carry on luggage issue,I usually have no concerns with this airline but this time was an exception. The gate staff stopped me to check my carry on luggage dimensions. It's the same carry on I have had for 8 long traveling years and never had an issue. So I had to try and put the luggage in that
Flying,"We were on a late flight after a no'easter shut down JFK. 5 + hour flight was very smooth with very little bouncing. Landing at 2 a.m. was also smooth. The runways were wet, no snow or ice. The luggage beat us to the carousel and we found a NYC Yellow Cab outside. No waiting."
"Like they say, more leg room in coach, and service is good or better than the rest.","No better airline from Savannah GA to NYC. I only wish JetBlue had more cities they fly to non-stop from SAV! Savannah is by by far my favorite airport and JetBlue is my favorite airline! We flew JetBlue from SAV to Denver but with a long layover in Boston, it took over 10"
Jetblue Airways Experience,"I was on recent vacation in Punta Cana and chose Jetblue to fly round trip. Our flight was delayed because of the weather in NYC. Once we got on the plane, the service was amazing and flight attendants were attentive."
It Pays To Get The Extra Legroom,"While Jet Blue does not offer First Class seating, it does offer extra legroom and priority boarding....worth every penny!"
Timely & more space,"I fly Jet Blue because it is economical. It gives me a choice of types of service and pricing. They don't ""nickel & dime "" me. They fly from Ft. Lauderdale at a reasonable time, no middle of the night departures. The service is good. Staff attitude is pleasant not only at"
Mint - nicely done JetBlue,"I recently took my first JetBlue trip. I fly a lot, currently have gold status on Oneworld and Premier 1k on United and usually stick within these frequent flyer groups. On this trip I needed to get from Seattle to Boston relatively quickly and JetBlue was so competitively"
Untrue Blue,I usually check in online and select my seat at that time then print my boarding pass. This time all the seats were unavailable and the only available seats were the 'more space' seats hmmm how convenient. When I got to the airport the Jet Blue personnel told me to go straight
Pick another carrier if you want to arrive on time,"Trust another carrier with your vacation. If want to arrive on time to your destination, you should not travel with JetBlue. JetBlue gives more excuses and does not take ownership for delays. When flights are cancelled/delayed they expect the customer to find their own"
Great Flights!,"We flew non-stop to Orlando and the return flight Orlando to Syracuse in late January. Both flights were excellent. We arrived in Orlando 30 minutes early and had to wait for a gate to open up for about 15 minutes, we were at our condo by the time we should have been landing."
One Complaint,"We love JetBlue because of the direct flights at good times to places we like to go. We pay and extra 95 per seat for extra leg room which includes early boarding. The other great feature is the onboard movies but, the last two flights to and from our destination there were"
True Blue,"I booked two tickets in advance of our travels to Barbados and was really surprised at how economical it turned out to be. Pretty much got these two tickets for what I thought I'd spend on one. Will absolutely fly JetBlue again, especially if I can plan the travel ahead of"
Fly at own risk,"My fiancé and I won flights through a tv show. Since we are from Canada, we had to drive to Buffalo to get a flight. Our connecting flight at JFK was cancelled apparently due to weather issues. I asked numerous JetBlue employees why our 1pm flight was cancelled when the 10am"
Treated like trash will never fly again.,Both direct flights delayed due to weather. No help given to get me to my destination. Had layovers for previously direct flights. Jax to Boston direct flight boarded next to me with empty seats and they would not accommodate. Had to waste 2 extra vacation days because of delays
Bumped from Seat While in It with Boarding Pass,"Had a most unpleasant experience while sitting in my assigned seat - 10D - for a 7AM flight. When another passenger arrived with a boarding pass for the same seat, I was given the options of a window or to move back forced to move back to a different seat. Now it’s my problem to"
Better than most,"Make sure you are aware Jet Blue has moved to the Marine Air terminal so you don't get caught in the traffic in the main terminal. The terminal has limited food so you may want to bring yiur own snack, Also, you may want to get there early as it is small and crowded. Also, if"
Average flight,Our flight was 4 1/2 hours. The flight attendants did not come around as often as you would expect on an international flight. Leg room was good as were choices of entertainment.
Always a Pleasure,"I almost always fly JetBlue. I find they are usually on time and have friendly, helpful flight attendants."
Tough flight,We were a family group of 5 people returning from a basketball tournament when a snowstorm impacted the Boston area. Our flight was delayed 3 times for mechanical reasons but we were informed regularly by Jetblue staff at the airport as to what was happening and understood. The
Love Long Beach airport and Jetblue,I flew out of long beach airport to Las Vegas the airport is so easy to get thru that I wish they had flights everwhere.Jet blue is such a nice carrier that it is my favorite airline to use. I would advised anyone who has a choice to use Long Beach and Jetblue for travel.
The best!!,Our first time flying with jet blue. MORE leg room than other carriers. FRIENDLY service. Best flights I've been on since air France. Easiy booking and check-in on line. Boarding process was pretty smooth. At the larger airports jet blue had plenty of space for using
It's not our fault!,We had tickets on Jetblue for Saturday evening. We got an email from Jetblue.What?? It was a full flight. The day before there was a storm in NYC. Everything was turned upside down. The pilots couldn't get where they were supposed to be nor the attendants. I know it wasn't
Great airline with good servive,"We got moved to a later flight (three days later!) because of snow in the NY area and JetBlue was so easy to deal with to make the change. Flight was great, on time and service as always was perfect."
Not a bad flight,"A very enjoyable 5 hour flight. Not too noisy, not to bumpy. Jet Blue has more leg room than most other carriers so we enjoyed the comfort."
Always JetBlue,"Flight was very smooth, no issues. Departed and arrived on time. Extra leg room on JetBlue seats is always a big help, especially for a long flight like this. Tv and wifi is a bonus"
Love the Blue,"The little extra leg room, the free movies and direct TV and good snacks for an airline make for a nice flight"
Weather made it a challenge but they got us out,We arrived for the flight to Ft Meyers with some light snow and more expected. Jet Blue was good at getting us on the plane in time to begin deicing. Deicing took longer than anticipated. Then we sat by the gate for 15 minutes before finally being told of a paperwork issue being
"4 Flights, 1 Huge Frustration","JetBlue caused a very long delay of flight 386 in Barbados so the crew could sleep for 9 hours. JetBlue, why wasn’t another crew made available if you knew that that was going to happen? After getting up at 3:30 AM Sat for a 6:28 AM flight, only to have our flight delayed til"
The way it used to be,The flight was good and on time. For this short flight drinks an a selection of bagged goodies were given out. The luggage came out within 5 minutes of getting to the carousel. I can't expect any more from an Airline
Packed And Uneventful,"Of course we had a snow storm the day of travel, and therefore, our first leg of the journey was cancelled. We drove for four hours (in the storm) to our next connection which was packed and our seat assignments were cancelled. With luck, we made it aboard the flight which was"
Most comfy seats,"My experience on JetBlue was very good. I'm a bigger lady and the seats were huge and comfy. Everyone was very nice and the plane was clean. On my trip to Vegas unfortunately my screen didn't work, but it wasn't that big of a deal since I was streaming Netflix on my phone"
Basic short flight to Reno,"The flight was a short one, the fare was very reasonable and flying out of and back into Long Beach was so much easier than out of LAX. I opted for one of the mix-it-yourself cocktails advertised in the seat pocket on both flights and neither flight attendant knew what I was"
On time and good in flight service,"Flight boarded with easy access, Flight was comfortable and stewards were friendly and helpful. Captain started the flight with a little brief on our travels, that was appreciated."
Easy trip,It is only about 2 1/2 hour trip from Orlando to San Jose Costa Rica flying over Cuba. We have made frequent trips and find JetBlue to be our airline of choice. The only negative is that you have in flight entertainment while near the US but lose that after passing Cuba.
Unexpectedly fun and comfortable,"Comfortable seats, sufficient leg room, nice movies (for the length of the 2.5 hour fight), and friendly flight crew. We look forward to using Jet Blue again!"
Comfortable flight but . .........,"I had many flights with different airlines inside US , Jet blue was the best , good price , good leg space , wonderful movies and entertainment and........free and unlimited snacks and beverages but negative point was around 3 hours delay ,was announced "
My very first jet blue flight but not my last,I had never flown jet blue before but I was very pleasantly surprised by the entire experience. I loved the leg room which was a pleasant surprise compared to other airlines on which I’ve flown. I liked the WiFi availability as well as the seat back entertainment. The staff was
Bargain airline that still has leg room,"They are well organized and board on time. The attendants are helpful and courteous. They still seem to have more legroom than other discount airlines. However, their entertainment system stopped working as we got further from the US. The same was true on the return flight. "
Jetting with Jet Blue,"We always fly extra leg room, with our 2.5 lb Yorkshire Terrier, BeBe. Jet Blue is very accommodating,the flight attendants are always pleasant and willing to go the extra to make you comfortable. I recommend that people sign up for frequent flyer cards to obtain credit. Most"
First time flying and had a good experience,"Pretty straight forward. No free meals as advertised, but free wifi and no hassle with carry-on bags. Clean, newish plane. We will fry again. Good leg room in Economy class."
Handy Direct Flight,"Departed on time despite preflight negotiations with special needs family, and arrived early! Pleasant, basic cabin service. Way better than layovers at a hub airport or traveling to Newark or NY."
VERY PLEASANT FLIGHT,We took off on time- The hostess was very accommodating. Flight service was done in a timely fashion. Snack were good- they even came by to offer second rounds!! Kudos to Jet Blue
Good service,"After being stranded because of weather, we were finally able to get home from vacation by booking the last leg from Jet Blue. We were quite pleased with the airline. At the gate I asked if my husband and I could be seated together and we were. No hassles, no extra fee. On"
First Time,"First time flying JetBlue. Everything went well, we were very pleased. Would definitely use them again."
One way out,"Check in still looks chaotic but it is San Juan airport. The crew was friendly, seats were adequate for the 2hr flight and the flight was smooth. As often, arriving to the destination early does not impress anyone if we have to wait 15 minutes for a gate dealing with the anxiety"
Trip home,"Flight to San Juan left early which was wonderful, more beach time! Flight back home left early as well. Worst part was getting off the plane always takes forever especially if you are sitting towards the back. Really should have a better system to get people out quickly."
Excellent Service from a Friendly Crew,"We have five folks in our group, including 2 children. We've flown Jet Blue many times on this route and recommend it over all other options from Austin to Orlando. The crew is always friendly and accommodating of special requests and very much used to families and children on"
Legroom is amazing,"The flight was on time boarding, departing and landing. Seats were larger than most economy seats and there was an amazing amount of leg room. I had a very large backpack under the seat in front of me and I still had a ton of leg room. Was extremely comfortable during the"
Never Again,"Seating selection was a nightmare, my wife and I were flying with our 11 year old grandson on his first airplane trip, and when we booked our seats 24 hours in advance we were all given different seats and in fact I was charged $40 US for extra legroom for some reason in order"
not the way to end a vacation,I book a vacation flight with JetBlue because of the short flight times as I can't sit for long periods. the flight to San Juan was good stopping in FT Lauderdale and this was the same stop coming home returning to Cleveland. We get to the Airport in San Juan and we can't pull
Pleasant,Good flight & friendly staff. Had an empty middle seat so the extra space was nice. We departed & arrived on time.
FAVORITE AIRLINE!,"JetBlue is my favorite airline to fly with. They have great prices, plenty of leg room, comfortable seats and friendly staff. They have FREE wifi that you can use in the sky. You can't beat that!"
Relaibility.,I've been flying JetBlue since it started and I can rely on its service. I take it domestic and internationally.
Great seats and legroom,"JetBlue has some of the best seats and legroom in the industry! The seats are roomy and have a lot of padding, unlike the horrible seats on American and others. Very friendly crew and flight was on time!"
Disembark in DR is terrible,"The flight from NY to Punta Cana was uneventful, with the usual boarding issues but nothing major. Flight attendants were nice and trip was good......until landing. When we were disembarking the plane, passengers have to walk down a steep stairway to the ground. I have bad"
Canceled their flight and made us buy a new one,"NEVER fly Jet Blue! They canceled our flight home, leaving us to pay $400 for a different airline ticket to come home, and since the flight was canceled we had to pay another $100 for a decent hotel room, not including food and taxi and other expenses. All around with tax and"
Love Jetblue,"On our flight, there were no seats together available, so we received our seats at the gate and were very happy to find we had been upgraded at no cost to extra space!"
Long flight,"I generally like JetBlue, decent in-flight entertainment, on time, easy enough connection. That is, the airline is no worse an experience than any other airline, which for me is a miserable experience to endure for the sake of getting where you eant to go. Seattle to Curacao is"
Great Adjustment,"Flight boarded right on schedule. However, the crew couldn't close the door and after a few minutes the captain announced the plane was grounded and would not be leaving until it was prepared. Within 5 minutes JetBlue had found another plane and we were on our way with just a 1"
Someone in my Seat and a Rude Flight Attendant,"We flew home with JetBlue because they are one of the few airlines that flies into Long Beach Airport which is only 5 miles from our home. First off we were delayed boarding by an hour because they swapped planes last minute. Which this was fine, I like the Seattle Tacoma"
Always consistently good!,The telephone reservationists at Jetblue Vacations was wonderful-she was able to get our round trip airfares and an Avis rental car combined into one reservation. The security & gate experience was normal for JFK. The inflight crew worked hard and made our flight enjoyable &
"Great people, on the ground and in the air!","We had to get a ticket at the last minute to complete our trip to Ireland, and the least expensive we could find was to go through Boston on Jetblue. I had heard all kinds of bad stories about Jetblue so I was dreading this leg of the flight. What a pleasant surprise to fly"
The only way to fly,We opted to use the extra leg room option on this trip and heartedly recommend spending the extra money. Not only do you get on just after the first class passengers so baggage storage is easy but you actually have enough leg room to allow you to move around comfortably. The
Only Fly JetBlue!,"JetBlue is the ONLY way to Fly...The MOST leg room anywhere! FlyFi, movie, snacks, friendly service!"
Jolly good time on jetBlue,Excellent flight! Flight attendants were friendly and gracious. Seats were VERY comfortable. Snacks were plentiful and each person given a choice of goodies! Schedules were kept; luggage delivered in excellent time once we arrived in Boston..
Easy travel,"Other than delays to our flights, the flights themselves were comfortable and uneventful. I’m only 5’ tall, so I had ample space. Might not be as comfortable for taller or wider travelers. I also liked that seats did not recline so I didn’t have the seat in front of me in my"
Inexpensive and Easy,A pleasant surprise for economy travel both domestically and internationally. On time departures and arrivals with extra legroom in economy. We opted for extra extra legroom up front. We will definitely use them again. There was a delay in our departure from BGI due to weather
I hate flying,"I absolutely HATE flying. I will avoid it if I can but I will not let my fear of flying keep me from traveling. We took Jetblue. Paid for the extra legroom and the early boarding and I have never been happier that we did that. Free movies, Wi-Fi, snacks and coffee. The"
Great Customer Service,"My luggage had a couple of the wheels broken during the flight. When I spoke to the Jetblue rep at baggage claim, they were very friendly and apologetic. The replaced my luggage at baggage claim with a good replacement. It was nice of them because it would have been a pain to"
Great Work in a Rough Flight,This flight was one that got caught in the extremem winds over DMV. We took off from Orlando fine. Hit VA and the fun started. Couldn't land at National which is where we were supposed to go. Flight was really rocking and reeling. Diverted to BWI and finally got down. The pilots
Very enjoyable flight.,"This is my and I first time on JetBlue Airlines, but I have to say it was certainly a wonderful experience. Everyone we dealt with was so hospitable. The plain fare was affordable. We will be flying on JetBlue Airlines again."
We finished early. They changed our flights for free !,We finished up our business early and arrived at the airport for a long wait. We asked if there were earlier flights to our destination and were told yes. The booked us on the earlier flight without charge. Friendly and accommodating the whole way. Last time I experienced that
Awesome ! Old fashioned Customer care !,"I was impressed with the size of the seats, the courtesy of the staff, the overall sense that passengers were more than cattle to be milked for extra fees. I was also impressed with the fact that it was the best price and itinerary. It was the best airline experience I have had"
We've had terrific luck with JetBlue,There is no First Class on JetBlue but we've always had first class treatment. We purchase the extra space seats and there is plenty of room. We fly twice a year from Boston to San Jose or SFO and always choose JetBlue because of their faithfulness to time schedule and helpful
Just a star away from 4,"Although we have always been happy with Jetblue, we were not happy with the crazy high ticket prices and then the additional $25 fee for each checked bag. We paid over $6000 for 4 round trip tickets with our friends. I tried to get cheaper tickets as soon as tickets were"
On time as usual luv this airline,purchased even more space and speed well worth the extra room and pre boarding that comes with this ticket. Movie and TV selection was good and free wifi was a bonus. Wish they would fly out of Islip !!
Hit or Miss,"I am a jet Blue Mosaic member and can say most times it is a breeze but be prepared especially the evening flights. Seems like the day gets caught up and delays the evening flights. On 8 or 9 pm flights, we waited till 1:30 in the morning once. Tough on a small airport where not"
1st Time flying with JetBlue,"I don't get much of an opportunity to travel on JetBlue as they are mostly an East Coast based service. What drew me to their website was their insanely reduced fares - compared to that of other air carriers. Needless to say, I was a tad skeptical about this being too good to"
Flying with Jet Blue,"Flying Jet Blue is a crap shoot. Sometimes good and sometimes bad. Sometimes the flight crew can be really nasty One thing i really hate is, i have a piece of luggage that is specially made to go under seat, but if i am on an older jet blue plane it will not fit at all and on"
Ridiculous that there is no power on a 5 hour flight,Jetblue needs to upgrade their planes to have power. This Plane was old and had a screen small which I really did not use anyway because the movies were childish '
Very kind and attentive staff at Albuquerque airport,"Very helpful kids at ABQ airport. They don't have a baggage agreement with DL so couldn't interline my suitcase to Europe, but they were so nice to me. Everything went smoothly on the flight and we arrive 20"" early. When I got to Terminal 4 at 6:30 I was told I would have to"
"As a frequent flyer, I love this airline!","As someone who flies a lot for business, I had my first JetBlue experience yesterday. With severe snow storms in NYC, I was left with my schedule of appointments cancelled and JetBlue were able to change me to an earlier flight with no hassle / cost. The legroom in standard"
Cancun Flight February 2018,Flew JetBlue from Providence RI with a stop in Orlando. Price was super expensive because it was school break week and after much shopping spent $945/person round trip. Connecting flight from Orlando to Cancun was delayed one hour (not weather related) and the TV in front of me
Logan - awful Jet Blue - moderate,"The flight with Jet Blue was great. The service for senior citizens and handicapped has been 50/50. For this flight, at one airport the handicap pickup was good at the other there was no service. Logan airport is one of the poorest airports in the world. Many things are"
JetBlue left me feel BLUE!,"This flight was my last leg of 21 hour travel from South America. I planned my travel very carefully, including choosing my seats in advance. It is very important to me to have an isle seats!!! When I was getting on two flights by JetBlue, I was told that my seats were not"
uneventful- the way it is supposed to be,"We (Family of 3) flew Jetblue from Tampa to boston in february. checked in on line, printed boarding passes at the airport. Bag drop was simple enough. Flight was on time, yet full. the cabin crew were friendly enough. the only complaint was a handful of the TV monitors weren't"
"Pleasant staff, clean airplane","We fly JetBlue as often as possible and always get the extra leg room rows that allow for earlier boarding, room to stretch out. Staff is pleasant, helpful."
"Once an airline darling, now sliding into mediocrity...","I recall the early days of JetBlue, the little airline that could, where everything was just right, prices competitive, their frequent flyer program firming up the ever growing clientele. What's left are the aging planes, the leather seats, some of which stopped reclining, the"
Another fine Jet Blue Experience,"Charleston is a fine place to fly from. Jet Blue now has 2 non-stops a day to Boston plus other flights. Their service here is just fine. Quick check in, friendly staff at every turn and they generally leave on time. We always avail of their check your bag at the gate requests"
Mumbled Announcements by Cabin Crew,With aircraft having less luggage space than one carry on per passenger drop the charge for checked bags. Cabin crew were relaxed to the point that nothing really mattered but to cap it all the cabin crew announcements by a female member of the crew for whom Englich was a
Great Airline,"JetBlue was very accommodating when our original flight was canceled because of severe weather in Boston. They worked with us to reschedule on the next possible flight. Service over the phone, online, and in person at the airport were all excellent."
Bad Experience Both Trips,"When checking in, all of our seat assignments were switched around. Our reservation had my wife and I in the row in front of our three boys. When we checked in, the boys were together but my wife and I were separated and not in the row in front of the children. It took a lot"
"Hey, we landed safely","First the flight crew was delayed, so the flight was delayed. They had to be limo'd up from Ft. Lauderdale. Then the entertainment system kept crashing so there wasn't one for half the flight. And my overhead light didn't work. And finally, when we landed, the pilot hit the"
Very relaxing,"Awsome service very comfortable seats and leg room, very pleasant and professional attendants, looking foward to next trip on Jet Blue"
"Great price, Great Flight","I had little expectation that the flight would go well because of the price. I upgraded as you get a carry on and free luggage with the upgrade. The flight was comfortable, on time, and I was impressed with this airline. Staff were helpful, I will fly Jetblue again."
Wonderful,"I fly several times a year, sometimes several times a month, for business reasons within the U.S. Whenever possible, I try to fly jetBlue from my home airport Boston. The route network is quite good, the prices are fair and sometimes quite good, and the seats are good with ample"
Nice Flight,"I have no complaints. Flight left on time, landed on time, and landed safely. The flight attendants were polite and answered questions if asked. I personally didn't need anything but I saw them being very patient and accommodating to some families with small children. I"
My favorite airline,"I love flying JetBlue....they offer free wi-fi, unlimited snacks and tv/movies. Their customer service is excellent and leg room is better than almost any airline I've flown."
Love JetBlue,We absolutely loved our flight first off the pilots flew a fantastic flight both to and from. The stewardess were absolutely polite and very friendly and helpful. So A+ for the whole crew. The airport JetBlue excellent. We are only going to fly JetBlue if at all possible! Love
Affordable. Reasonable.,Flew last minute with my gf for a long weekend away from Vegas. The two of us flew with less than 3 hour notice to Long Beach for less than $300 round trip! Flight there was delayed but still it was super easy and incredibly affordable. We will do that again!!
Old fashion economy seating - NOT CRAMPED!,"Good price ($190 round trip), free seat selection long before the flights, easy pre-flight customer service, easy fast check in and best of all - people sized seating in economy! Who knew that still existed! Flight attendants were efficient but not very friendly. $25 bag"
"In spite of growth, Still a good airline, but wish they'd fix the seats","All thumbs up on JetBlue with one small exception: on the last three flights, my seat would not recline. The 2""-3"" it is supposed to recline doesn't make any real difference, but still annoying. I got some isometric exercise trying to make it move, but to no avail."
Delayed but somehow arrived on time,"I take JetBlue ever now and them, mostly from SF to LAS but they had cheap flights coming home from an LA weekend trip I took so I booked with them. Our plane was delayed about 30 mins. After the crew cleaned the plane from the previous flight we boarded and we're delated"
Always a pleasure,"It always amazes me the difference this airline makes in travel. We flew on AA down there and the flight attendants were just so unhappy and not happy to help, what a contrast to Jetblue. They offer more snacks, if you ask for more water (God forbid) theres no huff, there are"
Love JetBlue,"tv's behind every seat with either direct tv or first run movies, premium free snacks, great miles programs. i will always fly jetblue as my first choice of airlines."
Great flight and crew!,It my wife and I's first time flying with our daughter. She was 5 months old. The flight crew was great and very helpful with the process. The flight went smoothly and our daughter had a great trip. The even more space seats offered plenty of room to be comfortable.
A321 are less comfortable,"I find the new A321 less comfortable than the A320. The seat cushions are thinner and less comfortable, and the controls for the infotainment screen are exactly where the average person would rest their arm, causing unintentional adjustments in the controls, such as making the"
No food,"They didn't have any of their café items (salads, sandwiches) aboard. Did they just forget to load them? Some customers had counted on being able to get a sandwich. Suggestion: eat before flying. This is not the first time this has happened."
Stolen shaver from my check in luggage. JetBlue gave me $50 towards my $185 Brsun shaver.,JetBlue did not treat me very well at all. My $185 shaver was stolen ftom my check in luggage and JetBlue offered me $50 JetBlue credit. JetBlue should find their thieves and honor my claim in full.
Thanks for putting us in row one,"Snacks are good. Coffee is good, yes I drink it. Flight attendants were gracious, helpful and attentive. Flight was on time. Plenty of free entertainment was available."
Good flight,"Good flight, the plane was comfortable, the flight attendants could be more kind, the snacks were as expected for an economy class service"
"When you switch , you have to pay.","I get free bags with jetblue. When you go to KeyWest you have to change planes. Going down, the bags are free even when you switch over to Silver Airways. There are no direct flights on JetBlue to KeyWest. Coming back, you have to pay for your bags on Silver even though you get"
Good service,Our flight was smooth and uneventful. Just the way we wanted it to be as we headed to vacation. We will use this airline again - gladly!
fll us a hop skip and jump to MBJ,Great quick flight to MBJ took SW home. If SW had better flying times I would've flown R/T on them instead. SW doesn't charge for luggage and that's a big deal
My favorite airline hands down!,"JetBlue is my go-to airline for all travel. I travel mostly between South Florida and LA, Hartford and Austin and there are non-stop flights for all those routes. I have gotten amazing customer services from start to finish."
Houston Hobby JetBlue Staff Unprofessional,"Flight was late from JFK to Houston. Scheduled to arrive 5:44, actual arrival was 6:33. The delay was due to bad weather and understandable. Went downstairs to the baggage claim within 10 minutes and never saw baggage or any Jet Blue staff. No pages were made and no screen"
Brand new plane yet my plug for headset was broken.,"Brand new plane smooth ride and only about 1/2 hour late. Boarding process is very slow, wish all airlines would adopt Southwest boarding style! Flight attendants are friendly and generous with the seltzer/soda (you get the whole bottle). On the way down my tv was not working"
New Planes but broken TV and broken headset plug,The boarding process is quite slow. Wish all airlines would board like Southwest which typically is fast and you leave the gate on time. We were about 45 minutes late but could not understand the over head announcement. Plane was relatively new. The flight attendants are
Lots more leg room than any other airline I've been on,"Jet Blue provides more space than American and United. We were on a small plane so all the luggage had to fit sideways into the overhead bins, meaning they could hold fewer pieces. One thing I like about JetBlue is that each seat has its own tv, unfortunately, they didn't work"
Our first time and we were impressed!,"We had a scheduled JetBlue flight to Boston to connect to an IcelandAir flight to Rekyavich. The weather that afternoon had sleet, wind, and/or rain along the Atlantic seaboard giving a high likelihood of delays or cancellations. We arrived early to BWI and when we gave our"
Soaring to new heights,"My last flight to California was mis-booked. I received an alert there had been a gate change on my connecting flight the day before I intended to fly. I panicked! Connecting flight? I wasn't even on a plane! I called customer service, and while they could have told me it was my"
Frequent Flyer with this Airline,"My go-to airline when taking a vacation, whether booking directly with their website or a 3rd party website such as Priceline it is Always a pleasure flying with JetBlue, especially on international flights. Plenty of legroom, great customer service prior to boarding and"
JetAirways has given the very good service.,"If booked in advance, Jet Provides the Reasonable prices and also, it gives you JP Miles while you're the member of Jet Privilege Member."
Great flight!,"Awesome flight. On time round trip with warm staff. Although it was a very short flight and small plane, seats were really comfortable and they offered decent beverage service with choice of pretzel or cookies."
Worst flight of my life,"Urge anyone reading this to pay a little bit more and use any other airline but these. Their staff are nothing but useless, rude and condescending. We got charge FOUR times for checked luggage, and refuse to refund us or acknowledge their mistake. Carlos and Jenny at Bogota"
JetBlue was great!,"We flew out of worcester and had a great experience. Flight was slightly delayed b/c of the incoming flight was late, but we still made it down with plenty of time. No TV channels but movies were available. Everything went smoothly with our flight down and back. The flight back"
Questionable Communication,"It's no fun, when the day starts with a text message from your airline postponing the early evening flight by about 2 and 1/2 hours. But it's even worse, when you get 4 additional messages during the day telling you anything from different take off times to even ""no delay"" and"
Flight to Aruba,"Only disappointing feature was the $25 per bag charge after the fact, when ticket had already been purchased. Came to $100 more for both legs of the journey."
Jet Blue,Jet blue is the only airline I travel with - never had a complaint about there services. The airline is always clean and the people that work on the airline are also friendly.
Needs improvement,I guess they’re coming to Ft. Myers but they’re not there yet - the baggage tag kiosks! I paid for my bag online & expected a speedy checkin! No way! I lined up with every Jet Blue passenger in the only line designated to procure bag tags & then drop bags. And the man behind
Great crew and Great flight,"Jet Blue flight on Saturday morning was great. No delays even with the storm in the northeast on Friday. Smooth flight, crew was great and Jet Blue continues to exceed expectations on most flights."
Best deal!,"My family found this airline to fit our needs wonderfully. They were able to put my family of four together, they moved us up to seats with even more space. Which the regular seats offer more than enough space. But most importantly they offer inflight snacks that are safe for my"
great airline,First time flying JetBlue and definitely will not be the last. I was very impressed with the airline and its degree of service.
Excellent Service and Leg Room!,"Friendly staff on and off the plane. Amazing leg room for economy! Check-in is a snap as is ticket purchasing. The grouping process for boarding was peculiar. Six of us booked aisle seats, three rows together with one on each side. The farthest forward and back got a"
"JetBlue customer 4life! ","I absolutely love JetBlue’s non-stop service to JFK. Only drawback is that they operate seasonally. If that were the case, I’d use them every single time I travel. They also provide health conscious snacks!"
Wish they flew everywhere,"The few times I've been able to fly Jet Blue, it has been a wonderful experience. Reminds me of how airline customer service used to be ~30 years ago. Yesterday, I had to book a flight for my sister to fly to my mother's funeral. The agent was so kind and patient. Could not do"
"Flight delayed 3 hrs, gave us drinks and snacks while waiting at the gate","Our flight was delayed for 3 hrs. The first gate agent gave info that was not accurate.He Tsaid he was not the agent for our flight, but tried to help. He said the flight from sfo was delayed bcuz of weather, when in fact it was mechanical issues. The plane that replaced our"
on time flights and great airport and on board service,"the jet blue experience was amazing on all different levels. comfort flights, great staff interaction...good snacks."
Flawless round trip to Puerto Plata & back to Boston,"We were a half hour early on the flight to POP, WOW! Flight back slightly delayed due to weather issues in Boston, not their fault. Only complaint is lack of check in personnel at POP caused unneeded standing in line."
Jetblue is Awesome,"We had a great flight. Nice to have a free snack, a selection of beverage and entertainment offered on board. You pick a seat when booking and get a free carry on when others are charging for everything. For most of my travel, Jetblue is my only airline when available for my"
Mint is the best first class on domestic flights,"I was one of the first traveler who experienced Mint Class. I loved it! Since than I flew Mint at least 20 times and every time I find improvements. The planes still look new, the entertainment is improved substantially. The food is excellent, the service professional and"
Economy class with reserved seat,"No problem checking suitcase and golf bag for this direct flight. Although TSA was annoyingly slow in Florida (not Jetblue’s fault). Departure area was crowded but still got seats. Was able to check a carryon bag free at the gate due to expected lack of overhead storage space. "
Best domestic airline,"Love, love the leg room on JetBlue flights even in economy! The flight was on time, the crew very professional. And the snacks! They sure are not stingy, giving full cans of soda, Dunkin Donuts coffee and can even request 2 bags of the chips given with a smile."
Only american airline worth flying on,"Again this is an outstanding airline with new well maintained planes. It also cares about running on time. Flights do not appear to be cancelled regularly and changed daily as many US airlines do. Travelling in Mint class, basically business class , with fully flat bed and some"
Airline takes a dive,"A two flight return trip as we were boarding our first flight I received notification the second flight 1816 on Feb 17 was canceled to unforeseen events. We asked a flight attendant once we were in the air, she inquired but was unable to give us an answer letting us know a gate"
Jetnlue,"Always enjoy flying JetBlue. Seats comfortable, the tv screen for each passenger, and attentive flight attendants all make a good trip."
First experience and it was awesome,"Our trip to D.C. was awesome, starting with the flight. This was the first time we flew with JetBlue and it will not be the last one. The flight from Orlando to DC was great but the flight back to Orlando was even better. The 2 flight commissary attendants Zach and Jennifer were"
TERRIBLE SERVICE IN SAN DIEGO!!!!,"After booking a family vacation to SD, we would strongly recommend against flying JetBlue!!! There are literally NO employees staffed to take bags at the Bag Drop/Check In counter, not one. They actually have the lack of care to post a sign that they are not open! It’s 9:30"
Flight Crew,"The flight crew can make all the difference! While neither crew was bad the crew on the flight to Las Vegas was fantastic! Great energy and attitudes! There were more crying babies and it was a fuller plane, but they didn’t let it show!"
On time and comfortable.,"First time on JetBlue, but it wont be my last. Flight was on-time. Seats were comfortable with lots of leg room (more than I have seen except when sitting business class or in the over-wing exit seats. Service was good and even had a free snacks. We flew return flight via"
"Very personable, caring airline personel",Apparently this airplane had scheduled maintenance the day prior to our flight. We had some challenges initially with a gate change but the airline staff were so pleasant and upbeat it was hard to get angry. We were delayed initially for approximately one hour but then boarded
Always a nice experience,"I travel with my family (2 adults and 2 toddlers). The experience with JetBlue was very pleasant. The staff was helpful, kind with the kids and made the travel less stressful for us. Always JetBlue is my first option for traveling. Obviously if you are traveling with toddlers"
One of best airlines,"Try to fly Jet Blue as much as possible. TV a plus when traveling long distances, crews are always friendly and helpful. Prices have been raised but still an excellent airlines for the money."
Better than most,Nice attends on a flight that left and arrived on time. The is almost enough legroom and the snacks suffice for a short flight.
A FLIGHT ABOVE THE REST.,"The heights of great vacations are not attained by poor and delayed flights, but whilst their competitors slept, Jetblue, Trueblue, was working on it, even throughout the night. to bring me safely, and on time, to enjoy the sweet sounds of, and the glorious Island sights."
Florida trip,It is nice to have TV's when you fly... our flight was about 3 hours so it helps pass the time. Usually we always have nice flight attendents . You can have more than one snack and flights are usually smooth unless it is a bad storm.
Love The Smaller Planes,The smaller Embraer 190 planes have 2x2 seating and are a delight to fly. Seats are wider and comfortable and there is more than enough room so you do not feel cramped or claustrophobic. Very good service and a nice selection of free snacks.
Unbelievable price and legroom,Flight was delayed for de-icing the plane but we made up some time and arrived close to scheduled. The seats are comfortable and legroom is better than Southwest. Free wi-fi and tv on the back of the seats. The return trip was ok but we had to wait for other planes to leave
Very Positive Experience,"The best thing about JetBlue is the inflight TV/movie. Every seat has its own monitor built into the back of the seat in front of you. You can select from about 2 dozen channels, or you can watch a movie. The last 5 or 6 times we have flown, I have watched a movie, and the time"
Very professional!,I always enjoy flying with this airline. They are very well priced and provide exceptional personal and professional service. The plane was very clean and I loved having a personal tv to watch. Their direct flights are the best.
Jet blue is very good experience and the staff is professional and pleasant,"Jet Blue Terminal 5 at JFK is the best terminal at the airport. The only issue is the arrival pick up is a huge mess , but all the arrival areas at JFK are a disaster. Also- if you park in the lot -youneed to go up the the 3-4 floor to get into the building and it is a"
Could be better!,"jetBlue is better than most, but not as good as Southwest. We did like that jetBlue flies non-stop to St Lucia and that on the way back, one bag was covered in the cost. Seats are just ok, maybe a little more room than some. The technology/ movie options did not work there or"
Marvellous Jet Blue.,"Am a senior flew to New York San Diego to JFK .Despite terrible storms the flight was superb.Very comfortable seat ,excellent leg room plus easy to use entertainment.Excellent choice of entertainment.Extremly helpful cabin members.Easy on and off.Arrived on time. Will always"
All that I could Ask For,"This was my second trip on JetBlue to Havana. It couldn't have been better. Non-stop service to Havana. On both legs, we actually departed several minutes early! I booked the extra room seat up front, and there was as much room as American Airlines First Class on their smaller"
Nice airline,Stewards were friendly and helpful. Seats comfy and roomy. TV screen available. Drinks and snacks available.
my first experience being on Jet Blue to Charleston SC,my first time experience with Jet blue was possitive take it from NYC to Charleston SC and back home- the only negative going home was the TV screen in my row of seats was not working- otherwise our flights were on time and there were no other issues. a good selection of free
Great airline!,"Southwest is by far my favorite airline, due to its laid back attitude, but JetBlue is a close second. We were able to fly to NYC to spend time with family, due to a great bonus gift we got from JetBlue last year. We had some weather delays last year, and they gave us bonus"
Problems but at least willing to make it right,"Checking in and flight went well, unfortunately I was the only one on the plane who's video screen would not show in flight entertainment, I pointed this out to flight attendants and although they couldn't do anything about it they did offer a free adult beverage(I declined) and"
Great service during this weeks NE storm,Jetblue were very helpful chainring our flights home this week due for the storm in the northeast. Great service all around.
Good Overall,We recently flew direct from Boston to Montego Bay. We were a bit surprised that not only did we have to print our boarding passes but also the tags for our checked bags. Going through security with pre-check was a breeze. For some odd reason our seats which were purchased
Almost Always a No Problem Airline,"My wife and I have traveled on Jet Blue planes on many occasions. We always try to get the extra legroom seats up front. Th are over priced, but we appreciate the comfort. The attendant on board have always been very nice and attentive."
Direct flight from FLL to Quito,Direct flight. Ample leg room. We were provide meal options and WiFi. Courteous staff and excellent landing!
Fine Experience,"Terrific service from check in to arrival. Helpful people all the way and more comfortable seating than most other airlines. My only complaints involved somewhat lackluster entertainment selections and tasteless snack items. But the staff is caring and attentive, and the"
Worst Airline. Avoid at all cost,"I fly every month and 90% of my flight have been delayed. I have a Jet Blue credit card so I keep flying with them, but honestly I'm thinking of cancelling it and changing airlines. 5 hour delays and constant flight cancellations are not okay. There is never any apology for the"
First Time on JetBlue,"Flight was delayed an hour before we boarded...not a good start! But once boarded, the seats were comfortable, and I got what I paid for...the best priced flight I could find from Ft Lauderdale to Chicago. I would fly on JetBlue again."
The Best Way To Fly The Friendly Skies is JETBLUE✈️✈️✈️,"Our party began on our flight when we boarded, had space directly overhead for our luggage, legroom to die for, as much blue chips as we could eat and a staff so friendly we felt like we were among friends. I can be a bit over the top but they absolutely delivered both on our"
Always surprised with te survice from this airlines.,"I had not been assigned a seat on this flight both going and returning.. Expected to get the most unpleasant seating, instead I got premium seating with leg room Flight attendants are pleasant. Very pleasant flight."
No Winter Blues Flying JetBlue,"Round trip, non-stop flights each way. All aspects of service, from gate agents to aircraft crew to baggage handlers, professionally executed. Both flights arrived at destinations ahead of time."
JetBlue the best Cross-Country,We always travel JetBlue to go from the west to east coast. Non-stop options are good. Service great! Lots of snacks and beverages. Media screens on seatbacks and/or audio plugs available free.
Direct flight,"The direct flight from Boston to Aruba was uneventful. Staff were attentive enough. The beverages and snacks were ok, nothing great but that applies to most airlines. The tv monitors help pass the time. There were good movies to watch - helping to pass the time. No issues with"
Quicker than Expected,"The flight was full as they usually are these days. jetBlue charges for checked luggage which tends to make for more carry-on pieces, but the overhead compartments were not overstuffed and we boarded with wheels up on time. The in-cabin service is the same except jetBlue fight"
Business Trip to Florida,I've flown on JetBlue before so I knew what to expect. The service is consistent and the flight attendants are pleasant and accommodating. Only once did I have a bad experience when a west coast flight was delayed over 2 hours. for domestic travel JetBlue is my go to airline.
Always Early - Nearly,My wife travels with her own wheelchair. From the time we stepped into the airport in San Juan until we deplaned someone was attending to our every needs. I love their free Tara Chips and diet drink. On top of all that they got us home 30 minutes early. Bada bing - Bada Boom!
Delays delays delays,"The flight got delayed five times. This never was clear , gate changes and poor explanation of the situation The airplane is hot and we've been more than an hour waiting inside for departure. Poor organizational capabilities"
Cancelled flight with little compensation,"our 9pm flight was cancelled and we were given no direction and a laughable compensation (which we still haven't received) for the inconvenience of two full days of travel, hotel, food, etc. Plane was disgusting and dirty and we all came home with the flu."
My favorite Airline...,"Always been a big fan of JetBlue... flown with them many times now. Seats are very comfortable and in-flight entertainment is very good as well. Booking directly thru the website is a breeze... and if you have difficulty, the customer service line is always there to help. "
worst experience ever,I had a small carry on bag of legal size which I couldn't check in because of very important documents I had in that bag.I have pictures of that bag so I can prove it was a legal size. And it was not a roller bag.They didn't have space for that bag so they didn't let me on that
"When they’re good they’re very good, and when they’re bad watch out!","This particular time we left right on time and arrived back earlier than expected. My daughter had a Met lue nightmare in December when they were on the plane to Orlando at the gate for 5 1/2 hours! Long story.... The extra leg room seats are great, but pricey. $90 on flights"
Solid service on the plane,"Great service and perfect for flying with younger children. ( The snacks and tvs help). The boarding process gets rather unruly, even if you purchase the even more space seats. Wish that could be smoother."
5 hour delay - again...,This is the 2nd time I have flown JetBlue from Ft. Lauderdale to Nassau -- and it is the 2nd time I have a multi-hour delay. The first time was in October 2017 and we were delayed 3+ hours due to no crew to fly the plane. This past Saturday we had a 5+ hour delay for the very
JetBlue to Cuba was great;,Very good flight. Very attentive cabin crew. Wi-Fi worked most of the way. Some difficulty with the in-flight entertainment. I paid $25 extra for a checked bag. The flight insurance turned out to be essential because we needed medical coverage and the insurance worked.
Excellent on time flight.,We were a family of five and the flight could not have been better. On time both ways and staff very accommodating.
Makes Airline Traveling Fun,My #1 choice in flying anywhere they do direct. Seats are the most comfortable in E-class compared to other airlines. Crew is always courteous and professional. One thing that didn't work well on this flight was the WiFi but I'll give them a pass on it this time since I was
"Convenient, direct","My trip from Augusta to Sarasota entailed connection through Boston. Because Cape Air and JetBlue both use Logan's Terminal C, it was unnecessary to go out through security to catch the connecting flight to SRQ. JetBlue's nonstop service to SRQ is very good, and I only wish they"
Excellent flight,My wife and I like flying with Jet blue. They have been mostly on time and still serve snacks and drinks. The flight we were on had at least 7 different movies showing. The workers on board truly do an excellent job helping everyone on board. The rest rooms in the rear only had
Blue!!! I love you Blue!!!,"Jet Blue is awesome, I have had mostly successful flights for the last10 years. The only reason they didnt get a perfect score is because as a very tall woman, standing 5'11"" I should not have to pay extra for leg rooom to be comfortable and as soon as they start offering all"
gets me where i want to go,"so far so good w/this airlines, friendly people on and off the ground get you where you want to go in a timely manner"
Flight experience in Jetblue,"Great flight and friendly attendants. Got there safe and sound. That is my only concern, getting me from point A to point B. Thank you Jetblue."
Another good experience with JetBlue,Another good flight on JetBlue. The flight was uneventful which is always a good thing especially on a long trip. The flight attendants were friendly and helpful. We were lucky enough to be in the front of the plane so we were seated quickly. They are always my first choice for
JetBlue service,"We really enjoyed our flights to and from Fort Lauderdale for our cruise. The ""even more"" seats were very roomy and comfortable. The flight staff was friendly and responsive. We definitely recommend JetBlue for air travel."
On time!,As usual flight was on time and comfortable. Had issue with the WiFi but read a book on kindle instead.
I always love jetblue,The even more space is the way I fly with jet blue. Flying JetBlue this way is better for me than most airlines first class. The staff is always friendly and service is good. I also think the snacks on JB are good. Free tv is nice.
They moved an elderly woman in a wheel chair from a paid even more space seat and did not care at all about doing so,I purchased a ticket and paid the $70 upgrade fee to secure two seats for my mom and her best friend - they are both 84 and needed wheelchairs. Upon reaching the airport they were told that mom's friend got moved from her even more space seat even though she had a confirmation
Reliably efficient,"JetBlue is a pleasure to fly on - better leg room than most flights and good inflight entertainment - flight attendants are polite, friendly and efficient."
JetBlue Mint is pleasant overkill,Brought my service dog along for this long plane ride an we had an absolute blast. Shoutout to the great 1st class passenger sitting next to me who let my service dog Java relax and spread out during half the flight. The other half my seat was completely horizontal and my pup
"JetBlue - good prices, consistently great service","I book with JetBlue for all of my flight destinations that they have available. They always have fair prices and consistently provide great service and customer support. I've never had their reliability, and will continue using them as my default airline until I have a negative"
MINT is incredible !,"We tried the MINT service for the first time and it is awesome. From the time you step on the plane, you are certainly treated like royalty. From the special drinks to the great food, you are pampered, and the seats that recline into a bed are a great thing to have on the 6"
Fab!!,"Did a same day change flight, so I can get to Paradise early. Love flying Jetblue on long flights. I'm 5'7, so the extra couple of inches in legroom is amazing. Awesome flight overall. We boarded a bit late, but we managed to land on time. I checked in online and did"
"Convenient non stops from HPN Westchester, NY to PBI West Palm Beach",Flying out of Westchester is not fun. Very small airport with 2 gates. JetBlue has 3-4 non stops a day to West Palm so we deal with it. JetBlue is a nice airline but they will gouge you on holidays or college vacation weeks. Prices go through the roof during these times. I love
One of the best!,"I always travel with Jetblue because is the companie that have enough space for my legs and the areas of even more space is super comfortable. I can eat unlimited snacks, soda, juice, water etc., for free. The crewmembers always are nice, the best."
Best Airplane Ride maybe ever.,"Paid a little extra for more leg room and early boarding, well worth it. The crew and stewards treated us very well."
Enjoyabl4e flight at a great price!,Easy baggage and passenger check in. Excellent service on board. Love the live television where you can watch regular cable TV channels. Flight was smooth and while there was a departure delay (caused by heavy traffic at JFK) the pilot made a good effort to make up for lost
Don't ever use JetBlue for last-minute travel,"As an experienced traveler, I understand that there is generally a penalty to be paid for last-minute flights. After our Air Canada flight was cancelled twice because of weather in Toronto, we were forced to salvage our vacation plans by flying with JetBlue. For a pair of on-way"
Got us from point A to point B and that is good,"We took American from JFK to Costa Rica because it was less than half of Jetblue's $1,100 cost and that was a nicer plane. Seat room on American was better and wifi on American worked plus American had outlets to keep everything charged which would have been nice if Jet Blue had"
Not Blue over JetBlue,"Never a bad word on JetBlue. However, their prices have gone berserk and charging for bags is ridiculous. I know, they all do it. That's why I couldn't give 5stars"
Cancelled Flight,The flight to Seatac was great. The flight back home not so good. Flight was cancelled late at night Nd had yo spend the night at the Airport. We finally got flight out the next morning. Not a happy situation.
Great,"After having a few problems with flying Delta on this route, we decided to try JetBlue. One we boarded the plane I saw how clean the seats were after the flight before and how welcoming the staff and pilots were but how old the plane was as well. The plane did have"
Overnight from SFO to FLL,Took a red eye from SFO to FLL. It was unevenful. Everything was smooth. Love the blue potato chips. Definitely better than Spirit Air.
The BEST in the Air,"JetBlue is my airline of choice. I have been flying with them for years and have never had a bad experience. Even on the occasional weather disruption I have found them to be helpful in terms of alternate planning. Their planes are comfortable, clean and the crews personable and"
Great airline,"We were on a very new plane and it was very nice. jet Blue always has the minimum number of flight attendants but they always get the job done. Very pleasant and helpful. This plane also had a snack area in the middle of the plane, so after the one time they come through to give"
Easy non-stop flight,"JetBlue offers a non-stop 3 hour flight directly from Orlando, FL to San Jose, Costa Rica. The boarding process was smooth, and the flight personnel were friendly. Add to that free WiFi, unlimited snacks, and an on time flight, and this was a great start to our Costa Rican"
easy trip to Boston,"great service comfortable seats ON TIME...recommend this airline............... nice staff, took great care of all"
Movies on,I like Jetblue nice seats and the movie and tv helps pass the time .Everyone seem nice flight was smooth.
Headed north for weekend,The time was correct to connect with family in Boston. The flight was flawless on a Friday afternoon. We took off on time and we landed on time.
"comfortable, superior to the mega carriers","buy extra room; it's a bargain. the wireless is not functional when off the coastal areas, kind of disappointing."
Jetblue is not the airline it used to be,We took Jetblue 951 down to Orlando and flight 952 back. Both legs had problems. On the flight down my wife and I were seated in one of 3 rows that the TVs were broken. I choose Jetblue primarily for the entertainment so this was a problem for me. The attendants didn't seem to
Comfortable travel,"My wife and I travel to St. Martin every year. We’ve flown American, United, Delta and this year Jet Blue. Jet Blue has the best seats, most legroom and friendliest staff of the airlines we’ve flown. I would definitely recommend them."
Keyana S. Perkins,"214/2018 My wife , son and I had tickets to Punta Cana for a 9:15 flight. I was in a wheelchair and was moving slowly. We where at the check in desk at 8:16 and where denied check in. I understand that it is a new TSA rule but I would have appreciated an accommodation but"
Surprising flight experience.,"Unlike more recent flight experiences this trip was smooth sailing and even dare I say, comfortable seating. I didn´t pay extra for the leg room and they provide snacks and drinks at no extra charge. Try the heirloom potato snaps. Staff courteous and flight was on time. Will"
"JetBlue, my preferred airline.","I am a big fan of JetBlue. The staff at the gate are courteous, the seats are roomy and the service is efficient. I love the on-board t.v. and Sirius radio. The roominess of the seat and the leg room are the best I've found in coach. Recently joined True Blue, their frequent"
Excellent,"The service was great, the entertainment and the flight from the clerks to the flight attendance. It was great experience"
Great experience,"I do not care much for flying but do travel alot for business and pleasure. JetBlue had a reasonable price for the fare, gate staff was pleasant, flight crew was professional and polite. Had a maintenance issue and found another aircraft quickly with minimal delay. Ammenities"
Winter getaway,My wife booked a direct flight to St Thomas last summer for January 29th 9AM flight arriving in St Thomas around 2PM. We received at least 6 notifications that the flight departure time was changed. We finally were scheduled to fly out at 11:00PM and landing in Puerto Rico at
"Check in over involved, frustrating and time consuming","I suppose it's one of the hassles flying into the US. but I'd already done it 2 weeks earlier from Aus without THIS level of harrassment and frustration. The JetBlue check-in counter at Lima is NOT the JetBlue counter, it's some sort of pre security counter that has no ability"
Comfortable seats veey helpful kind people in the airport.,Excellent help for us. We had only a few minutes in between flights and they gave us seats up front so we can quicly exit. The seats gave us more lef room too. If they flew from more places from our local airport we would use them always.
JetBlue works for us,JetBlue is the only airline I have flown on the past decade and it has been a wonderful experience every time.
Love JetBlue...Most of the time.,"We were supposed to visit our son in South Carolina in January but because of a snow storm our flights were changed several times and ultimately cancelled. While customer service on the JetBlue 800 line is great, the customer service at JFK sucks. They barely speak english and"
Comfortable Flight,"The flight was comfortable and the snacks were good. Also, the flight attendants were very nice. However, the departure was delay by an hour."
Pretty nice!,"It was, obviously, a brand new aircraft - very clean, almost sparkling! I never realized that JetBlue offered first class; it was in rows 1-5, two seats across.I have no idea how much extra it is, but will check it out for our next flight. I feel that JetBlue offers more leg"
Never a problem,"Jet blue is as consistently positive of an airline as I've ever experienced. Out on time, arrived early, good service, plenty of room, free direct tv. They may not be the flashiest airline but they are definitely consistently good."
Everything but the diversion was good,"The crew, amenities, and flight we all what we've come to expect from JetBlue - very good to excellent. This flight had an smell issue that caused the flight crew to become ill and we were diverted to Charleston, SC. The diversion is not why I only gave this flight a good"
The only airline I travel within the US!,"Never have we had a problem with this airline. Their staff is also so helpful, friendly and hospitable Too bad they do not do European flights!."
JetBlue is my Number 1 Choice!,"I always choose JeBlue to fly anywhere! They are on-time and professional and get me to my destination safely. I like the services they offer and that they make traveling easier by offering early boarding and extra legroom. If ever I have to change my travel arrangements,"
Wonderful JetBlue Flight,"Although I'm not a fan of airline travel because I'm a bit nervous about it, I certainly enjoyed my flight from LGB to SMF. It was comfortable, I liked my seat location, the flight crew was friendly and efficient, the airplane was clean and I really enjoyed the flight. The"
We fly JetBue as much as possible before other airlines.,We choose JetBlue first if they service our destination from NYC airports. JetBlue is our go-to airline because of the amazing service that we have received.
left arm doesnt know waht is right doing,"we purchased a vacation package through Expedia about six month in advance. The night before we try to check in online (as usual). We try to get our seats, but got the message that no more free seats available and we have to pay $60 for more leg room. Since no other option was"
Jetblue and Long Beach Airport a Win Win,"i am welcomed to Long Beach, the security at the curb are polite and helpful. Security are pleasant and friendly, Gate staff informative and knowledgeable. Always a great way to start or finish a flight!!"
Enjoyable flight,"Flying jetblue with mosaic status enables exclusive Chech in, priority boarding, and extra legroom made for an enjoyable flight."
crew,Jetblue has an amazing airport crew in the Bahamas they are so nice to me that they treat me like the owner
Frequent Southwest flier impressed with JetBlue experience,"As a frequent Southwest flier, I tried out JetBlue (better direct flight option) for a recent cross-country flight and was very impressed. The planes are a bit dated, but the in-flight service was pleasant, snacks and soft drinks were complimentary, and the WiFi was Free! Lots"
Very comfortable flight,Flight was very comfortable for a red eye flight home from Skiing. Would fly JetBlue for a red eye again for sure.
"Weekend beading workshop in Marlborough, MA","Everything about this airline is first class. Plenty of leg room and no delays, completely on time. Great price for round trip."
A Pleasure,It's always a pleasure to fly JetBlue. They are polite and helpful -- even giving us a wink at our overweight luggage.
movie didn´t work,Miniscule snacks and movie didn´t work. Staff was great. It was on time and everyone was courtious. Plenty of overhead if everyone used their head.
Family illness,It was a very difficult time for us. My brother was hospitalized and passed 10 days after I flew home from Florida. I called JetBlue from the hospital for help cancel a flight I had booked back. The customer support rep was extremely helpful and professional. My husband was in
Best flights in the US skies,"JetBlue introduced the MINT class and it was like a breath of fresh air and a new chapter in domestic aviation. I have taken BOS-LAX-BOS numerous times since. The first(business) class has 20 seats, all 180-degrees reclining. Furthermore, the configuration on each side is"
"No problems, smooth sailing~",Flight was on time and no issues. I did notice as the plane filled up the later folks were asked to have one on their carry-on's checked.
Mint is the way to go,Flew Mint and it was the best First Class Experience we had. Food was ok but the entertainment and comfort was awesome. Price was up there but was cheaper when booked way in advance.
traveling from both sides,"I fly JetBlue as my first choice all the time. I travel frequently alone and also with two adult children who have physical disabilities and as such use ""their own"" power wheelchairs. I use the words ""their own"" because this is not to be confused with the many travelers who"
"Great service, always.","Another great flight from Newark to Florida. The plane was clean, the staff was great, and we arrived prior to our scheduled time by about 20 minutes. The ease of online reservations, plus no fee for a carry on bag, and free snacks, along with a very reasonable airfare booked"
Good flight,This was my first time flying with JetBlue. I was able to check-in online 24hrs before the flight and they kept me updated on the flight status via text messages. The boarding process was smooth and quick. The seats were comfortable and I had enough legroom. In-flight
Always a pleasure,Jetblue always comes through. They keep you informed and every seat is comfortable and roomy. The TV at every seat keeps you entertained or up to date on your flight. Boarding is streamlined and they NEVER over book their planes. My husband and I had great trips to Chicago and
Wish i could fly with them everywhere!,"We love JetBlue, the flights are always so relaxing, even the legroom in economy is great! My bf is tall and he is always comfortable in JetBlue seats! We took a total of 4 flights with them now and each one was great! We actually paid for the extra legroom once before, but"
Love this airline,"A direct 3 hour flight. BOOM you there, so convenient. Very comfortable, excellent service on time performance. I think it would be worth it to take one of the bargain flights to Orlando just to connect with this."
very good flight,"from the check in ,flight, to baggage claim was excellent!!!!! the check in person was very helpful !!"
Keep the Extra Legroom !,"I have been fling Jetblue for the last three years as they have a major HUB in Fort Lauderdale. The pro's are their planes that have extra legroom, in flight tv consoles, no charge for carry ons and free snacks/beverages. The con's are they have limited gates and you may be"
Continues to be my #1,"On time departure, great vacation pacakage price, drinks, snacks, movies, and service with a smile. Smooth flight and arrived on time also. No problems with check-in or baggage. Same for the return home. Continuous no matter where I travel."
My new favorite airline,"I fly United a lot but better price on a round trip from Newark. 1) Picked my seat and it was not changed. 2) Free beverages 3) Free snacks you had. Choice: cookies, popcorn chips, pretzels, hard-core and chips. 4) My tea was from Dublin Donut 5) Seats and floor space wider 6)"
Excellent trip!,"I flew JetBlue to Pittsburgh in early February. Thankfully, there were no weather issues so the flight went very smoothly. JetBlue does a great job with their boarding process and they’re on plane service is always superior. I fly JetBlue to Pittsburgh 3 to 4 times a year and"
Leaveing on a jet plane,"It was the best flight! Best price, non-stop, lots of leg room and head room and luggage room. great snacks and drinks and kind people to help along the way. In flight ET was great as well. I will be booking again soon."
First Time Flying JetBlue And Won't Be The Last,"Very pleasant experience. The crew was friendly, polite and efficient. Boarding was smooth and we were on schedule. Leg room was extremely good....considering this was economy, plenty of room to stretch the legs out."
Quick and pleasant,"Flew out of Worcester. No lines, on time, pleasant crew. Coming back from Orlando delayed, busy etc. will definitely use Worcester again. Probably can’t avoid the issues at bigger airports. Crew was nice return trip too."
Always Good,I think JetBlue is one of the best airlines. I was not super keen on the new boarding by group. I think boarding from back to front is the quickest and easiest way. But otherwise the crew is always nice. Seats are pretty OK for economy class. Still offer a drink and a snack.
Don't Fly JetBlue,"Purchased 2 flights, but by accident made them both out in my name. The other flight was for my wife. I was told when I wanted to change the name on the second ticket, that this was not possible!? Really JetBlue? On the other flight taken on the same trip through American"
Non Stop to Arubu,"Always good service from the flight crew. Great flight down to Aruba. Uneventful except that they couldn’t maintain TV entertainment while over international waters. Had the opportunity to watch a few movies instead. Snacks and drinks were plentiful, but seems like they"
Wonderful experience!,"It was the very best trip. So convenient. I can't say enough about flying out of Worcester, Ma. No lines no waiting. Close to my home. Even landing in Orlando was a great experience. The airport was big, very busy. I had wheelchair help there (wasn't needed in Worcester). All"
jetblue stings,"Gate Attendants the worst treatment I ever experienced with an airline ever. Why give these people so much authority! This airline is the worst I ever experienced. Never, ever on board again. JETBLUE STINGS"
EXPAT with wings,"This expat flies every 90 days. Have to in order to keep my visa current here in Costa Rica. My airline of choice is JetBlue. As my knees aren't to good anymore, I try to get the extra seat space seats. Sure does them a world of good, and doesn't break the budget either. I have"
Get the extra leg room!,Love to ride JetBlue but the planes are often over booked and if you don’t buy the extra leg room you might find it difficult to stow away your carry on bag. The added benefit of extra leg room is that you board the plane earlier.
"If jetBlue doesn't Fly there, neither do I","I have been flying on jetBlue since 1999 out of JFK and have been flying with the airline almost exclusively. As a Travel Journalist, it has been most-reliable as I travel to South America and the Caribbean almost exclusively now. I am a frequent flyer to the Dominican"
Ontime flight,We paid extra for the upgraded seats which gives you extra leg room and early on. The flight was on time. On flight entertainment and drinks and snacks.
Comfortable & On Time Flight,"Great Experience flying JetBlue! Check-In was quick and easy, the flight was quick and comfortable (with TV and Wi-Fi) and snacks/drinks were complimentary. The service all around was excellent!!! Will fly again!!!"
AMAZING MINT CLASS,Flew Mint Class and it is unbelievable and so great! Had my whole family of 5 in mint and the service is tremendous. Have to make sure i Thank Lynn our stewardess for the flight for making my birthday trip so wonderful!! Jetblue is lucky to have her. If you can you got to fly
"Better than most,","But still just a low cost airline. The difference is the standard seat size with leg room is pretty good. I’m not short, nor tiny by any means, and had no trouble fitting into the seats. There was good leg room and the fold down tray didn’t hit me in the chin like flying the"
Redhead1962,"Flew Jet Blue from Portland Maine to San Diego, via JFK. Everything was excellent, smooth flight,no delays, nice employees! Plenty of room in couch, entertainment system worked well. No delays in flights,coming or going! Thank you Jet Blue!"
Great flight,"Jet Blue is always our first choice when flying. Love tgecselection of movies to watch and a lot of other television choices as well. We had a 6 hour flight and I managed to watch 2 movies and read a great deal of my book. Service is always top notch, seats are as"
Great airline!,"It was my first time flying Jetblue and it couldn’t have gone better, firstly the legroom was exceptional (best in the US I think) and the service was great. It is obviously a low cost airline so they charged for things like headsets and blankets which was fine by me since it"
Travel Superbowl Sunday,"FT Lauderdale was packed and we had to change gates. That was the only bad part as the new gate was a double and totally crowded.I had upgrade to Even More which is the best possible and definitely worth the money, once on the plane. The flight itself was very good. The staff"
Great Airline!!!,"We read some reviews prior our trip and was a bit worried about delays etc., but to our surprise JetBlue was on time and on some occasions earlier than scheduled time. Our flight was POS - JFK - BOS - ATL. We left POS on time arrived in JFK on time we had a five hour layover"
Always Frendly Crew,We have been flying JetBlue over the years from Boston to St Thomas. This is one of the best airline in the US. First and foremost the crew is very friendly and helpful. Leaving Boston on a snowy morning the plane had to be de-iced and it took more time than usual resulting in
A Fantastic Flight,"Jetblue provided an enjoyable experience for my family. Although the plane was delayed, we arrived at our destination with plenty of time to make a connecting flight. In addition, Jetblue’s inflight service was really good. The WiFi worked great, and the TVs worked as well. But,"
The Best Airline !,"They have the best TV monitors, with most of the channels that my wife and I watch. We got good snacks and always were served cold soft drinks. The staff was fantastic !"
nightmare flight,"Three hours being roasted in a plane. Apparently the air conditioning system was not working. Three and half hours of torture. Even the flight attendant had to remove her uniform and wear a sleeveless t-shirt in order to ""survive"" the heat inside the airplane. When we left the"
"Great flight, once we left","The flight was delayed by 45 minutes because the aircraft came in late from Richmond, VA. This is apparently not an uncommon occurrence for this flight, a friend took it a week earlier and was delayed 3 hours due to the same problem, and checking on-time ratings shows that it"
Best Service From Boston to Sarasota and Fort Myers,We fly Jet Blue every chance we can. Reliable flights rarely if ever overbooked. Comfortable seats. Excellent in flight service. Reasonable airfares.
Emergency,We had an emergency and had to travel home a day early. We were able to get a flight home and coordinate a wheelchair.
The Best Coach Service in the US,"For me Jet Blue offers the best coach service in the US. I have not flown the Virgin America product, but I hear is too is very good. To me Jet Blue is coach without the penalty/misery. The seats are very comfortable, the satellite TV is great and the service is very adequate. "
Accomodative Ground Personnel,"We were originally booked to fly from Orlando to JFK as the first leg of a 25-hour trip to Thailand. When we arrived at the gate in Orlando, we found that the flight was delayed ""at least 1 hour"" -- which would have caused us to miss our ongoing connection. The Help desk"
Not typical Jet Blue,"Paid for extra space like I always do but this aircraft was as small as a Southwest seat which I refuse to fly anymore because it's like a ""cattle call"" when you line up and pray that nobody large will sit next to you!! Anyway, we flew back from Aruba in December on a Saturday"
Efficient JetBlue,Basic amenities but good service and generally reliable flights. Their terminal at JFK is really busy but there is plenty of junk food available. Like most airlines they restrict the size and number of carry on bags in theory but do not actually check the size of bags brought on
terrible,"television did not work..flight attendants could not fix it...no other seats available...absolutely no compensation offered,actually refused...may not sound like a big deal but it was to me...I fly jet blue because of television"
direct flight,a direct flight our carry ons were checked in at gate because Jet Blue doesn't enforce the carry on size like most US airlines so overhead bins is limited so free baggage check of carry on compensates for that
First time,First trip on jet blue was a good experience. We flew from Hartford to Fort Lauderdale at the end of January 2018 of course we had snow on take off and had to be de-iced the takeoff was fine. The crew was great and made the trip go by so fast. Snacks and beverages were good and
Always my first choice,"Jetblue, I love You, Comfortable seats on every flight not squashed in like sardines. I will pay the fare. Professional Staff always a smile Hoping they go to Europe soon . I do not want to fly any other airline too much drama. Jetblue never lost my luggage Coffeerose55"
"Really, JetBlue?","Our flight from JFK to SMF was absolutely horrible. We had insanely slow WiFi, the seat-back T.V’s didn’t work, they gate check my fathers bag, yet there was PLENTY of room in the overhead compartments! But, to top it all off, we had to stop for an hour to refuel the plane"
Our flight,"Our flight was exceptional from initial check in,to in flight accommodations and baggage claims. Virtually all JetBlue folks were friendly, helpful & throughly professional."
Free wifi that worked and free snacks!,"I did pay more for extra reclining space and priority boarding and I loved the free snacks and free wifi. Also, the flight attendants were friendly and helpful."
"They were so accomodating, thank you",I missed my connecting flight due to a backlog of passengers in FLL airport. I was put up in a hotel overnight by JetBlue (thank you so much). I then unfortunately missed my flight and had to be rescheduled. The guy at the counter had to call in to make the change in reservation
First time flying with JetBlue and I loved it!,"My first time travelling with JetBlue and I love it. Now that I've experienced the seating arrangements, I would definitely be upgrading to more leg room next time around. I wish they had at least sandwiches for travellers instead of just the free snacks. The wifi was great"
The flight attendants were all friendly and helpful.,It was a pleasure to board a flight where all the attendants had a smile and were friendly. Of course we can't forget to mention the signature blue chips. The flight departed in a timely manner.
Another Great JetBlue Flight,"Have taken two JetBlue flights now internationally. $380 for RT from PHL to CTG is absurd (picked the cheapest flight option), payed $25 for each bag which was on par with other carriers. I am 6'4"" and legroom on the economy priced seats was sufficient but should have paid the"
First time to Dominican Republic,"Great Flight experience from making the reservations online checking in, bag check, boarding and flight. Would recommend Jet Blue."
Best way to fly,"Always friendly and helpful staff. Had the same crew on both legs and one even remembered us 3 weeks later! Love the readily available snacks and drinks. Had a mechanical delay, that the pilot communicated with us about. Had a problem with the inflight entertainment on the"
Smooth flying!,It is nice flying in economy when your knees don't touch the seat in front of you. All was great especially when we landed. They unloaded from both the front and back. Quick and easy.
JetBlue,"The airplane was small, and the same as express airplane. Not much of the leg room. The services were good and friendly. The temperature inside was hot even though the flight attendant tried to adjust it. It is cheap compare to other airline, and you may get for what you"
Leg room/Snacks/TV on each flight...Pre-assigned seats...What More Can You Ask For?,"I cannot stress enough what an absolutely WONDERFUL experience I have had each of the three times I have flown JetBlue into Long Beach Airport...From start-to-finish, my experience has been FIRST RATE!! The website is very easy to navigate even for a technological dinosaur"
I love traveling on Jetblue...,"Always a wonderful experience traveling with the airline. Plus, you always earn travel points regardless of your status."
JetBlue is the way to go on intercontinental flights,"JetBlue is a great option when flying coast-to-coast. Flew from Boston to LA, non-stop, and had the best flight. Their free wifi was easy to use and set up. The entertainment system (screens on the back of the seat) offered lots of free choices, especially movies that were"
First time Jetblue flyer,"This was my first time flying with Jetblue and apart from one little thing, the flight went flawlessly. My only problem was the lack of attentiuon to make sure that cabin bags are actually within the limits of the cabin, i was not impressed to find an item i put in the overhead"
Leg Room and Veterans Advantage,"Comfortable leather seats,lots of leg room,easy check in.I had three 48 lb bags. First leg of round trip the cabin was uncomfortably hot.I don't know why.That was a first for me. The service was great and this was a red eye flight.We had plenty of attention from flight"
Trouble free fligth.,"The fligth was smooth, little to no turbulance. The plane was very clean. Super friendly staff. Cold drinks, chips and good coffee. The price for the fligth was aceptable. The infotainment system was very good and offers plenty of variety for all taste. Has an kids channel a"
"Way too cold, but fine otherwise","The flight in itself was great and the staff too. The issue was the temperature throughout the flight, it was way too cold. I had a jacket on and winter outfit in general, but even then, the temperature never warmed up. Most people around me were curled up and added extra"
Usually a great experience,"Almost always have the lowest fares, as well as great seats and service. Mostly on time. Snacks and drinks are free,"
Wow!,This plane has roomier seats in Economy than I think I have ever had. The snacks were wonderful because they gave a wide variety of choices. They gave me the whole can of soda so I was really satisfied. The flight crew was friendly.
Best airline!,We have been flying to Aruba every year for 18 years. We are able to get direct flights out of Boston. They are very accommodating! My husband had a heart attack in 2004. Since then Jetblue has assisted him in his traveling needs. They are always there to help. I highly
flight in a hot tin box,Why must you turn off or lower the air conditioning? Its bad enough the seats are so cramped and tight that you can't move for 6 hours but to turn off the A/C. This is the second time on this flight the A/C was lowered or turned off. I fly this route several times a year
So consistently excellent,"There’s not a great deal to say about an airline that treats you like a valued customer, except that that in and of itself is unusual these days. Seats getting smaller on the A-320s though. It left on time, going and coming, and was early arrival on the way back."
First time flying with Jetblue was great!,"We usually fly with Delta so we were kind of nervous about Jetblue. But it was great! They have ""juice bars"" at the airport, a TON of charging ports for electronics. Delta has few and they go fast:( so this was a nice suprise. They kept us super updated on our flight status"
Comfortable -- On Time -- Friendly -- and Efficient,Everyone at Jet Blue seems determined to ensure passengers are treated well and have a great experience. Here's a big surprise. They destroyed my favorite garment bag. I've carried this shoulder bag on airplanes for over twenty years. It's made of a heavy leather-like black
Smooth Sailing,I loved this flight. it was so smooth. the crew was wonderful. very good flight and price was reasonable.
Smooth Sailing,"On time, easy on, easy off - as it should always be. This was one of the those flights when all went perfectly. Even in coach, there was enough legroom and free soft drinks and snacks were served by friendly attendants throughout the flight. I won't hesitate to take this flight"
"Quick Trip To Sacramento, CA",Qucik trip to Sacramento for a youth hockey weekend tournament. Easy flight with friendly service. Flight was actually 20 minutes early to arrive in Sacramento.Only blemish was upon return arrival to Long Beach we waited nearly 45 minutes for our bags to be off loaded. Our
Fix Airbus Entertainment System,The Airbus entertainment systems are often not working properly. Buy Boeing aircraft!! Seldom have such problems on their planes.
Very good airline,This is my go to airline for flights to Florida. It's easy to buy tickets online and the kiosks at the airport work well. The security line at Newark is not their fault. I look forward to the blue potato chips as a snack.
quietest plane ever,I couldn't believe how smooth and quiet the flight was. It seemed like I was in a glider instead of a jet. flight was on time and luggage was retrieved quickly.
My new go to!,"Reliable JetBlue service. Great staff and decent legroom. Snacks meager but better that anyone else in the game. Overall, a reliably good provider."
Same day trip,I arrived on time to take my flight and I was misinformed 3 times with the wrong gate number I went to three different gates to one end to the others in the terminal 35 running literally when I came to the gate lady at the front desk call the airplane several times after 10 min
Not As Cheap As It Looks,"I chose this flight because it was cheap. TripAdvisor listed a huge number of combinations of one-way flights on the cheapo airlines, all at the same price. So, I never got past those. So much for ""combo fares."" Maybe for $1 more I could have taken a ""respectable"" airline. "
I Got Bagged,On my return flight from Kingston to Fort Lauderdale I was forced to pay for my carry-on bag that I travel with on JetBlue ALL the time free of charge. When my bag was put into the bag checker the part of my bag that was protruding was so minor it was insulting that they made me
Nasty Attendent,"Upon boarding the plane, we had bulkhead seats, we reached up to put our two carry-ons only to find that the overhead was full. Finding it impossible since we were the third people on the plane the attendent proceeded to tell us it was his stuff and he was not going to move it."
Love flying with JetBlue,We always try to fly with JetBlue. They truly provide great service. Very impressed with Dayana in FLL who had already changed our seats and was waiting for us at the gate to let us know. Thank You!
Another Smooth Flight,"I just love JetBlue! there's no Nickle and diming of passengers, no charge for carry-on free snacks and great flight crew."
Comfortable Plane,"After years of flying many airlines the world over, this was the first time i have flown Jet Blue. The price was excellent and the plane was comfortable...an A321. I would have given five stars, but the movie/sound system was down. Jet Blue gave $15 toward another flight. On"
Best Airline to Travel,"I am partial to JetBlue because that is the only airline I fly. Everyone of their seats are very wide and have the best leg room! They offer unlimited free snacks and free TV channels as well as free movies. I have never had a bad flight, unfriendly attendant, delay,"
Excellent Airline,"Unlike other airlines, never had a problem getting seats side by side with my family and not getting split up. Also love the non stop flights. Great and caring staff."
"Finally, a little room...","My first flight on JetBlue and I had no idea what to expect. We had carry on bags and a personal bag that I put at my feet. But as an above average size person, I was very pleased to see that the seating was roomier than most planes I have flown on. They served drinks and"
Jet blue rocks,I have been flying jet blue for 4 years now and have absolutely no complaints even there economy seats have plenty of room and all the employees go out of there way to make you comfortable. The customer service is fantastic they have always been very accommodating. U would
"Usually reliable, except when originating from DC","I fly frequently from Boston to DCA and back. The Boston flights are almost always on time, but flights leaving from DCA in the evening are often very delayed. Once on board, the trip is very pleasant. Seats are comfortable, with good spacing. The staff are very pleasant and"
Carribean Flight,"Direct, nonstop flight, because my wife hates takeoffs/landings, hence we drive from Albany,NY to Logan. Jet Blue has friendly, personable staff. Plenty of legroom, free movies. The flight arrived early."
OMG!,"we flew to Boston & then changed to IcelandAir (JetBlue partner) on to Reykjavik, Iceland. It was far to complicated for JetBlue agent to strap our bags for Reykjavik after checking our passports, etc. She only managed to ticket the luggage for Boston! so, we arrive after"
comfortable flight experience,"Jet Blue is always on time. I get ""The more space"" seats and you I do not mind paying an extra fee for that. The fare is always reasonable and it is very easy to book the trip on-line."
Cruel and Impersonal Staff,"Workers at the jetBlue might as well be replaced by robots, as four staff workers talked with us for over ten minutes without looking to remedy the issue. The flight's scheduled departure was at 8:55am; doors closed at 8:40. We got there at 8:43 and another woman got there"
"Usual great amenities, but entertainment fell short","My fiance and I have always loved flying JetBlue for our domestic flights, so we were happy to be flying them from Boston to Fort Myers. The service/crew and complimentary snacks/beverages were good perks as usual, but the one thing that fell short on both our outbound and"
My new favorite airline,This was our first time flying JetBlue and we are now customers for life. Te extra leg room make flying so much more enjoyable. The staff was much more friendly and helpful than other more well known airlines. They were extremely helpful and didn't make you feel like you were
Another story of bad customer service,"We had a 3pm departure time, that had been delayed and finally cancelled at 5pm. This was on a Tuesday and they offered us a Thursday flight. Our final destination was Las Vegas and there weren't any flights they could put us on. They did give us a refund on our flight and a"
Almost excellent,would have been perfect if they didn't allow a dog on the plane. If I had known about that I would have switched my flight. Gross to travel with dogs. And it was in the same aisle that I was in. Very disappointed in my favorite airline
Weekend in DC with family,"Flying with Jet Blue is always the same, comfortable seats, on-time and pleasant staff. The one wrinkle in this trip was that they cancelled our scheduled flight with no explanation and we had to reschedule the following day. We lost a day of our family reunion because of it."
Great flight and crew!,"I loved this airline. The ONLY issue is your absolutely stupid boarding patterns! You board all windows first, then middles and then aisles. Free snacks, TV and movies, free and unlimited drinks, friendly crew BUT silly boarding patterns. It makes the crowd antsy and people"
Anither unevesntful flight,JetBlue is our favorite airline. Seat pitch is good. Flight attendants are good. Still gives free snacks (good ones) and bottled water. Much better than the alternatives.
Jet away with JetBlue for a great experience,"JetBlue is my ""go-to"" airline. In the past month and a half I have traveled on JetBlue from Fort Lauderdale to Montego Bay, Jamaica, Cancun, Mexico, and Providenciales, Turks & Caicos. Each flight has been on time. The flight attendants were very friendly and efficient. Coffee"
Round trip flights for Caribbean cruise,"We booked JetBlue Airlines for our round trip transportation to & from San Juan, Puerto Rico. This was our 1st time flying JetBlue & overall we were quite satisfied  Only inconveniences we encountered we passengers that were allowed to fly with their dogs on their laps. Never,"
"Elegant, simple, with leg room","Those who travel on JetBlue will feel that the small screens make for an outdated flight. They make up for it with friendly service, free wifi onboard, extra leg room, comfortable and wide seats and cool snacks. I took JetBlue into Cancun and out and was pleased both ways."
"Decent legroom, hard seats","The airline crew was very particular about the size of our carry-on luggage, but not rude. The flight was on time and had no issues other than the hard seats."
Good first experience with JetBlue,"Good condition of the aircraft, decent legroom, many entertainment options and free WiFi. Nice and friendly staff, free refreshments and snacks. Not cheap, but better experience than big airlines. Flying from a small regional airport also was great - done very quickly through"
Smooothh flying,"On time departure, nice newer plane but seat seem to be worn out. Great WiFi on this flight too. We also arrived half hour early too. Plane was a little dirty found raisins on seat next to me"
More than normal leg room,"Comfortable seats, nice selection of snacks; wine for sale was better than average. Gate area was too small for the number of people."
THUMBS UP !,"JetBlue Flight 1706 Santo Domingo to Orlando After some critics...thumbs up ! In response to our dear TA requests...I felt obliged to comment on this 1706 nice flight, last Friday, February the 9th: We were heading, before sunrise, to SDQ airport, in our first flight of"
Back from Vacation,"This was the first time I flew jetblue and I was impressed. Nice plane, good leg room, TV and pleasant staff."
my new favorite,"great flight - lots of leg room , we had to drive to Raleigh to catch the flight, but it was well worth it. RDU is a lovely airport - convenience of Greensboro with flights everywhere. Flight attendants are polite and happy. couldn't have asked for a better flight. We'll use"
Simple but nice,"We boarded this airline for short flight from Fort Lauderdale, USA to Havana, Cuba. The flight was nice, nothing particularly positive, neither negative to write about it. Just a decent 'low cost carrier' service, no frills, no complaints"
Great Experience,"Another great trip with no hassles. Great crew, timely departure and great service. The entire process from boarding to landing is a good one. I use JetBlue whenever I can."
Always a great ride,Good communication in the terminal. Efficient boarding. Plenty of room. Quick flight. Nice snacks. Love the free WIFI.
Best Legroom Ever,"Flying roundtrip to Quito, I had one way in regular economy, and one way in the upgraded front section (for $35 more). I thought both were awesome for legroom (I'm 5'10"" and had plenty of room to stretch. I didn't mind paying the extra fee to board first and also have first"
jet blue always delivers,"love jet blue . fly out of jfk in ny . flew into Daytona beach instead of Orlando. a lot less hectic and smaller quick bag pick up and rental car counter right there. also saved money renting car from Daytona and returning to Orlando. slight back up at tsa at jfk, to be expected"
Nice airline,"This was my 1 time flying with JetBlue and I love it. Nice fly very smooth and the seat are very comfy with room to move. Free wifi and unlimited snacks. Also, you can watch tv or any movie they had available in the fly"
Prefer SW,"While it was nice to be able to upgrade your seat for additional legroom, I just don't care for all the nickel and dime crap. We paid to upgrade our seats, paid to check luggage and when we arrive at the airport, they want more money for curbside check-in. Really? Whenever"
Okay Airline but changed seats last minute,Had a bad experience where they changed all of my party of 6s seats to middle seats from the seats we selected when we booked the flight 4 months in advance. Aside from this experience my flights with JetBlue have been decent. Pros: Legroom is better than most economy
Like All The Rest This Time,"I have flown Jet Blue a few times and my experiences have always been very good. This time, it was average. One piece was definitely the plane itself - it was older and the video screens were not working. The easts always feel a little bigger and it is nice to get a free"
Good budget option,First time on JetBlue. Crew provided good service. My overhead light did not work so all my reading on this redeye was off. In flight entertainment control is on armrest and I constantly kept hitting the selectors when I put my arm on the rest
Thank you!!!!!,"Thank you Jetblue for a great vacation! Love your staff, from check in to saying have a great day! I will never fly to Florida again with out Jetblue!!! Thank you! Again ❤️❤️❤️❤️"
"JetBlue , excellence in flight",JetBlue was excellent on our trip to Punta Cana. Seats are comfortable and cabin service is terrific. Flight was on time for departure and arrival. Flying is somewhat stressful these days and JetBlue ground staff at JFK assisted us at check in and made our departure a breeze! I
"Great flight, easy access and check-in","This was our first trip on Jetblue and we choose them because they were one of the very few airlines to fly nonstop to our destination at a very reasonable price. The plane was nice, their people friendly, snacks decent (you can purchase meals), entertainment on the plane was"
Organized Much?,"It was very frustrating that they insisted over & over to board by our Group # but about 1/2 way through the boarding process they stopped calling group numbers and when I was one of the only remaining passengers and ask when my group would be called I was told ""Oh, we've been"
JetBlue Travel,"We chose this flight because it was a red-eye that would get us to Ft. Lauderdale to meet our cruise, saving us the cost of a motel. The flight was comfortable in our leather seats and appropriate cabin temperature. The snacks and drinks were generous. The flight was on-time"
Airline cancelled flight and then was rebooked,My flight to Florida for 1/17/18 was cancelled-I called the airline the next day and got the same flight on 1/19/18-it was not a problem for me as I am retired-I was able to change my hotel and car reservation for the new dates. The customer service representative was very
First Time Flying Out Of The United States!,JetBlue Was great to me As I'm a senior and I'm handicapped. I couldn't have asked for better service. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Our flight was delayed for an hour but somehow we got to Punta Cana on time. So I had a very pleasant flight and they were keeping us
JetBlue -- One of the Best!!,Great airline for its service and ease in redeeming flight points. Even if you leave late some how you arrive on time or a little early. TV is not good going into the Atlantic because it looses its satellite so you need to watch a movie or read but otherwise JetBlue is my
"Mother nature threw us a curveball, Jet Blue made the situation acceptable","Due to a snowstorm, the initial flight was delayed. The gate crew kept us informed about everything that was happening. Once we left Florida and made it to JFK, we had another delay (even longer). Again the gate crew kept us all in the loop. This was after midnight. "
Nice flight! Early arrival. Doesn't get better!,"Simple and straightforward flight from Worcester to Orlando. The flight was timely - in fact we landed early. Staff were friendly. So easy to get to and from the Worcester Airport. Always nice to have free wifi, too!"
Aruba,"Jetblue was a pleasure like always. Friendly staff make the flight nice. The tv's were a little finicky which was frustrating. If you go international out of satillite service, make sure you bring your own entertainment because you might get stuck watching movies that don't"
"Jetblue always rocks, we love them","Always a great and wonderful experience with JetBlue, we always use them as our first choice especially for a vacation package when we go to Las Vegas."
on time,first time on JetBlue in years. Great experience. The staff was courteous and the flights were all on time. Th big seats are a bonus and should be industry standard!
NOLA 2018,"Best on flight staff I have had on a trip in years, extremely friendly, and soooo pleasant. Thank you all again"
"Comfort, Class & Delight","Hello, All...Well, in the Spring of 2017, I took flights on JetBlue to get from the U.S. to the Northern Dominican Republic. Although I flew in Economy Class, I was just as comfortable as I may have been in First Class seating. The leather seats were all plush, clean and great"
Simple and good space,"Very good service, but much better than ""big"" companies. Enough space for my legs, variety of goods for eating (snacks), attentive staff."
Fair Flight,"It was our last family trip before my son is 18 and hopefully out of the house, and our first to Walt Disney World. We flew with them before and it was the same, economically affordable and decent service for being an economical choice. As it was just a 2 hr flight we didn't get"
long wait,"flight and attentends great,Delay of almost 3 hours and no info.On plane flew with TV but none worked in our area. Made it safely back to Orlando good yes."
FLL to Quito Plane is in Rough Shape,"I was really disappointed in the interior of the plane on my recent flight from Fort Lauderdale to Quito, Ecuador. Before flying, my impression of JetBlue was that the airline had high-quality entertainment and interiors. The plane flying to Quito was really worn out. Whole rows"
What’s happened to the friendly staff?,"When JetBlue first started flying, I was on one of their first flights. I loved the airline, if there was an option to fly JetBlue, I’d take it. Hands down. But recently, something has changed. JetBlue has lost it’s amazing customer service. There are still some flight"
"I don't think there is a ""perfect"" airline, but Jetblue gets the job done!","The plane itself is more comfortable than I recall the last time I flew, about a decade ago. Leg room, little TV's in front of you, relining seats.... I could have used a little more arm room since there's only one arm rest between two seats, but that's minor, the fact that it"
Much much better airline than almost any other,"I'm a big fan of jetblue. The gate agents are nice, the crew is nice and the flight attendants act like they are happy to help you. That's not thge case with any of the legacy airlines anymore. K guess if you know the government will bail you out no matter whar, you don't need"
nice,Upgraded to more room. Very nice. Slept the whole way. No loud noises and nice flight attendants. Did not get a cocktail because it was just to early in the am.
Spacious and free snacks,"There is enough space for the legs in the plane. Complimentary snacks are provided (chips, cookies, pretzels..) as well as coffee."
Former Explat from AA loving JetBlue,I used to be an Explat on AA but found the service and the status lacking. I am flying JetBlue much more now because of how the airline gets me across the country. And now that JetBlue is offering their Mint level of service you can have an extremely pleasant flight for far
Low Cost airlines at its best!,Another on-time delivery by JetBlue. WiFi works great. Even more space is worth only if you need to work or need the extra room to play.
Finally a trip free of issues,Purchased extra leg room which is well worth it. Entertainment worked this time. Service was excellent
Class Act JetBlue,"Love, love, love this airline. Crew members, ground personnel...all very friendly, helpful, courteous. Flights were on time, luggage arrived. Everything was polished and the flight was very enjoyable. I enjoy my cocktails while flying and appreciate the selection of"
Much better this time around,"My last experience with JetBlue was a nightmare, but to their credit, this time was much better. All went smoothly and without a hitch. The flights themselves have very little leg room. Staff was good. Got our bags promptly. Flights were on time. Everything went as"
"Good Airline, good leg room but they will not give up those Extra Space seats even to solve a customer service issue.","Left from LGB, layover in FLL, destination was MBJ. Both flights went well, JetBlue is one of my favorite airlines because as a big guy I can fly across the country comfortably with plenty of leg room in economy class. They offer plenty of snacks and drinks during the flight,"
Unique Experience,"Before selecting JetBlue I checked reviews and found that the airline appeared to be well rated, so, as a first timer, I expected a reasonably good experience. One of the first things we noted was that they fly the Airbus 320. All recent flights aboard this aircraft have"
"""Unusual Mishap""","First let me mention that my husband & I always fly with JetBlue. We actually like your airline so much, that we signed up for the JetBlue Credit Card. All our flights have always pleasurable & on time. This last trip, on the way back from Aruba, we were approximately one hour"
Great experience,"Plenty of leg room, good snacks, live TV and even free internet!!! Service was good too. I would fly it again, if I can."
Great Value and More Than Adequate Leg-Room,"We live in North Yarmouth, Maine and Previously we would fly out to Curacao by driving or taking the bus to Boston, MA... With JetBlue we have now several times flown out from the Portland JetPort (PWM)... You get out by 6am, get to JFK and then to Curacao where you'll be"
I always fly JetBlue.,JetBlue provides the most comfort and amenities. Their reservation agents are empowered to help out with changes.
First time and very satisfied,"I booked with JetBlue without knowing the perks and other advantages the were offering, my criteria was price with early arrival. Before checking in (with the JetBlue app) my girlfriend said, hey they have free w-fi, and TV, and Sirius radio, and this and that... And indeed, we"
From Providenciales (Turks & Caicos) to Boston,"Great flight overall. Routine and uneventful, just the way I like them. My wife and I get aisle seats across from each other. Note: that automatically puts you in group E for boarding."
One of my two favorite airlines,"This was a typical JetBlue flight. Service was good, staff was friendly, and the flight was uneventful. There was nothing outstanding and there no issues except for no TV available. This was not a big concern and JetBlue offered a $15 travel credit. My biggest concern is the"
"Left a little late, but arrived on time","Left a little late, arrived on time. However after landing there was an unusual delay because another aircraft was blocking our path to the gate, resulting in our plane having to go for a ride around the airport and then back to the gate. Finally, when we got to baggage claim,"
Customer Service :),Customer service in 1-800 is the Best. I just wanted to add this review to thank Jetblue for the outstanding customer service
Going the same direction as was AA,"I'm really concerned with the way JetBlue is heading to. It looks very similar to what happened to American Airlines some years ago. Cancelling flights, late departures, no respect for the passengers. This was a nightmare up to the point that a service representative hang the"
Very impressed,"This was our very first flight on Jet Blue...part of a package to Mexico. YES,..we will be happy to book them again! We are an airline family, and over the last 20 years,airlines give very little to impress their customers. We were not expecting much, but what a very"
aruba vacation,Traveling to Aruba was a breeze & the service was excellent. Same for the return flight.I love flying Jet Blue
Great Airline,"Check in was smooth, plenty of leg room, pleasant flight attendants. We were delayed on the plane in Chicago for three hours due to weather the pilot kept us informed the best he could. Very pleasant experience."
Visiting Grandbaby and Friends,Great flight!. Wonderful price! Smooth and on-time. Attendants very accommodating! Would fly Jet Blue again!!
Flights Were Fine - BOS Kiosk's Were Offline,We couldn't check in our baggage via kiosk in BOS since they were all offline. Everyone had to get funneled to a few humans to manually process us all. The employees were pleasant though. The rest of the outgoing process and the flight was fine. When returning home from FLL
"Very good, especially from DC to Bermuda","Since one cannot fly nonstop from Washington Dc to Bermuda, and I have vacationed here 5 times in the last 4 years, the 7:50am Jet Blue flight via Boston is the best connection. It's on time, comfortable and enjoyable. The 1.5hr connection in Boston is perfect to have brunch"
Love JetBlue!,"It was in November of 2017 the week of Veteran's Day. JetBlue has the best flights, always on time, if not earlier than anticipated. I love when the captain explains what is going on. Makes things more comfortable. Will be taking JetBlue on February 16th to Las Vegas, then"
Not bad at all!,First time flying JetBlue and it was a good experience. I got the extra everything so it was a nice “first class” experience. Plane was clean and the staff more than accommodating (too much I’d say in some cases). I’d need a longer than an 1 hr flight to be 100% convinced that
"Flight was perfect, check-in, not so much.","So, JetBlue is always the airline of choice for me, especially because of the personal touch. The flight attendants were great, flight on time, seat comfortable, TV good stuff, snacks are chintzy but good (Cheese its or chocolate chip cookie). My only issue is that now JetBlue"
Barbados crew need a lot more training and support.,"Ticket counter was not open when we arrived at the airport. Two flights were checking in, NYC and Boston, so the line was starting to grown. Both flights had the wrong gates assigned, this place very small airport and Jet blue only used four gates, the others two were not in"
Affordable and a delight,Inexpensive for my weekend trips out of town to see friends and pleasant. Tv's on my flight and the seats weren't too tight in my opinion.. I never flew JetBlue before but I can tell you I will be using them again in the future.
Our flight there was delayed due to actions of Flight Crew,"Where do we begin? First, our flight was ""changed"" from 7am Friday morning (booked months ahead) to 11:59 PM Thursday night (yup). It wasn't changed, we found out they simply bumped us to a different flight. So, after regular delays, we finally board around 12:30 AM Friday"
Good flights on JetBlue,"This flight left a few minutes early, was half empty and we breezed through baggage pickup, our ride was easy to find and got home quickly. What else could you ask for? Oh year, free movies in flight. I don't know if it was half empty because it was a Wednesday afternoon. Also,"
Jet Blue Airlines,"Among the discount carriers, Jet Blue is one of the better ones. The airlines have definitely gone down hill over the years as far as service and amenities are concerned, but since deregulation, one or two stand out from the crowd in this discount space. I've found Jet Blue to"
great customer service,"we got a free upgrade to more leg room, was great! Always a good flight! The agent was so helpful , wouldn't use any other airline!"
Some issues but good flying experience,This flight was good. Problems with tv they are not working to all passengers JetBlue give $15.00 dollar credit. 1 1/2 hour delay but good flying experience. They give regular snacks and drinks free.
Terrific experience in air and on the ground at destination,Got to heart Jet Blue experience. Friendly team members. Free in flight WiFi. Direct TV entertainment. Safe journey. First time experiencing Long Beach Airport. This airport is similar to a small tropical destination in that you deplane on the tarmac. You walk a short
Best airline,"I love jet blue. Am a mosiac member love the perks and program. I am also, a platinum member with AA; but jetblue mociac program is leaps and bounds above AA."
"Cancun trip from Cleveland January 18.2018. Awesome service, lots and lots of leg room, friendly staff, and good snacks","We flew from Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale and then Fort Lauderdale to Cancun on January 18, 2018. The flight was awesome! The food was great the staff was pleasant in the legroom was Phenomenal. Moving forward I will only fly JetBlue. They were awesome big two thumbs up!"
FILTHY Aircraft,What a major disappointment was flying with Jetblue. After years of flying AA decided to give you guys a try payed more than AA os I could have the t.v. The TV only worked on the outbound flight on the inbound it didnt work and I couldn't be moved . The airplane seats were
JetBlue,"I have fly with JetBlue round trip and alway have good experience with them. They have reasonable price and the fly and on time most of the time. The seat have very good space for the leg and the monitor in each seat are excellent to watch movie and your preference program. "
Surprised..,"I usually fly American but I couldn't get the flight I wanted. American knows what they are doing and get you to your destination safe and sound. I don't believe all the nasty stories I read, seems people complain about everything like spoiled brats. I never tried Jet Blue, in"
Customer Freindly,This was my first time I dealt with Jetblue as a Turkish Airlines partners. I found them to be progressive customer freindly airlines . They offer services far above other major airlines. They offer free WiFi on their planes and gates at airport offer free WiFi and charging
NEW FIRST CLASS ON JETBLUE!!!!!!,"They have just introduced a first class service called MINT. It is, at the moment ,available only on longer flights, i.e., coast to coast. PHENOMENAL! A1 service , excellent food options and a seating configuration that is very novel. WILL definitely try that again"
good airline,"this airline is very efficient, effective and reliable. however it perspected as low cost it's service is very good."
"Quick, easy and cheap","Easy flight out of Terminal 3 in Vegas which is never busy and into tiny, but new and tidy, Long Beach airport. I would definitely do this trip again."
Great flight to Orlando,"Great flight from cold and snowy Westchester County New York down to sunny Orlando. The flight is only about two hours and 15 minutes and the crew on JetBlue made it a really nice, comfortable flight. The inflight entertain system including DIRECTV and Sirius XM made it all the"
JetBlue airlines,"This flight was terrific. We pushed back from the gate 15 minutes early. The pilot was so sure when he said “Everyone is here so we’re going to get in the air early.” Also we arrived in Richmond, VA about 40 minutes early. This is the first time this has ever happened to me."
Excellent flight crew,My wife and I had an excellent experience coming back after a short 36 hour trip to Florida for a memorial service. Our original flight was significantly delayed and we were able to get on a earlier flight without any hassles. The pilot on the flight was outstanding and spoke
Love JetBlue,"Service was friendly, flight was uneventful. I love the cheese & crackers box that you can purchase, paired with a wine for 15% off. And then if you pay with your JetBlue credit card, it's 50% off."
HORRENDOUS SERVICE,failed to notify either by email or text of a delay ....kept us waiting from 4.30pm until flight was cancelled at 1am ....no notifications in English ....kept some of us on the gangway onto plane for 40 minutes approx. without saying anything and then sent us all back to the
Well-Space Seats and Great Crews,"JetBlue has comfy aircraft (Airbus 320) with ample leg room, leather seats, and a TV screen in the seat back in front of you. Gate and flight crews are professional, helpful and friendly. Sit back and enjoy a nice ride."
everytime great service,"great service every time we take this flight love the in flight television and wifi, would definitely recommend , always been ontime, clean good munchies"
Mint is Great !,"Jet Blue recently introduced premium service named Mint is excellent . From check-in to sleeper seat to food ( yes , good airline food ! ) . Costs more , but less than business on other airlines ."
Racist employee in check in counter,Encountered a rude and racist employee at the SFO check in counter. Screw the miles accrued. I won't be flying JetBlue again.
Normally Love JetBlue BUT....,"I usually fly JetBlue whenever possible and seldom have a problem. However on this trip, I discovered upon entering Newark Airport that their computer was down. The line was about 3 football fields to check luggage. I was fortunate to have printed out our boarding passes"
Excellent Handling of Flight Cancelation,Original flight cancelled during post New Years blizzard. JB scheduled (automatically) us for next available flight (2 days later). And then sent us an email. Very easy for us to accommodate. At all times we felt they were acting in our best interests. This is a level of
Excellent Airline,"To me, JetBlue is the only airline that you should ever fly. The people are always so nice and accommodating. The comfort of the seats are amazing, even when you don't purchase extra room. As I fly often to Europe, I wish they would have more direct flights to more cities."
"Jetblue Mint -- more affordable, more comfortable and better service","Jetblue Mint is the best choice for flying across the country. With lay-flat seats, you can get some real rest. Dependable wifi ensures you can get work done if needed. And with better dining choices, you may actually enjoy your meal! Not to mention, there's no comparison to"
"On Time, Friendly, and Uneventful!",The trip was very uneventful and providing the appropriate start to a vacation.The staff was friendly and the updated cabin configuration was pleasant.
"Great Airline, but...","So, I booked a ""smaller than normal seat"" , so I could be together with my family. The person next to me was a very tall husky man. He should not have been allowed to book or sit in the smaller seat! He actually enjoyed half of my seat. The flight attendant wouldn't move him"
"Very uneventful flight, just what I wanted","Two flew round trip, direct between Albany and Ft. Lauderdale for a very good price. No problems with luggage, plenty of leg room and actually got back early. You can't complain about that. Leg room was best, plenty of room even for us larger folks."
My Favorite Airline,"I am a Mosaic member on JetBlue so I don't pay for baggage or priority boarding. Even before becoming Mosaic, I loved this airline. No charge for beverages (not including alcohol) and a decent selection of snacks. Flight attendants are usually very friendly and helpful (every"
last min flight,"chose to take flight at last min, got great service from agent at desk.we missed megabus ride do to not paying attention"
Good space between the seats,Nice space between the seats. Good service of beverages and packed snacks. Once they serve you and then through out the flight you can walk-in to storage area and collect as many times as you want.
Best Airline,"Every time I fly, my first choice is jetBlue. More leg room, TV screen and great service. I travel with my Emotional Support dog, and yes I really do need it (I lost 7 freinds on the first flight out of Boston to LA that Isis drove into the Twin Towers) and they are always so"
Nice Airline!,"Our flight to FL was lovely--very clean aircraft, great flight attendants, very smooth flight and landing (attributed to our female pilot!!). All was on time and perfect. Snacks were good and timely."
a few bumps,We were told to board an hour early because they thought all the passengers had checked in and we could leave early. So we were on the plane for about 30 minutes and we were told that 2 people were stuck in immigration but it wouldn't be too long. Another 30 minutes went by and
Not you're mom's idea of a spin around the park in a FLYING MACHINE,I dislike the business model because the service is 'steerage-class' and no sign of luxury anywhere on the bus.
Jetblue is the best,"We fly Jet Blue whenever we can because the seats are bigger, there is more leg room and the upgrades are reasonably prices if they happen to appeal to me at the time. Their staff is far more friendly than other airlines like United and they have always been accommodating as"
Boston to San Juan Puerto Rico,Check-in was quick & easy with their new kiosk system Flight boarded and took off on time Landed in San Juan ahead of time Luggage arrived timely No issues Flight attendants were great
Plenty of Legroom and Free Snacks!,"Didn't know what to expect but from a budget airline it was pretty good. Genuine friendly service, more legroom than I usually get (I'm 6'3""!) and a free soft drink and a snack - best option IMHO vegetable crisps. Would def choose this airline again if they fly a route I'm"
horrible delay flight all the time,"flight was scheduled to leave around 9:00. at seven they announced they the did not the staff for the fight, 30 minutes later they announced that the hallway that connects to the flight was flooded and they were working on making the halway dry. 8:20 announced we were leaving 30"
Delayed,Fine except for delayed no outlets to charge phone on plane. Earbud outlet static. TV screen too dark not able to fix.
Worst flights to Florida,"I was planning to have a relaxing vacation to Florida, but my original flight from JFK to FLL was delayed more than 2 hours. When I arrived in FLL, the flight attendant didn't make any announcement regarding passengers needing to make their connecting flight. I had less than an"
Great Airline,"JetBlue is a great airline. The customer service you receive from the check-in desk, to the boarding gate, to the flight crew is excellent. The on board entertainment (free) is wonderful as are the snacks that are served, and the free wi-fi is a bonus too. We flew with a"
Convenient and a good value,Just started flying this route on a regular basis - lots of flights to choose from and you have to LGB. You can’t beat the price either. Look forward to my future flights.
"Helpful ground and booking personnel, and great first class accomendations","I decided to travel to Las vegas for my birthday, where i had friends waiting for me. Regretfully, the flight on the day before my birthday was cancelled due to the weather in NYC where it was coming from. The customer service booking agent I contacted was helpful and"
GREAT AIRLINE,It was better taking a flight than driving because we had to be there early in the morning..it was a quick flight...
Great Service,"Great flight and service. On time and helpful staff. Purchased upgraded seating,however feel that this feature was not necessary in order to have ample leg room."
Straight through flight!,"First time flying with JetBlue and we were not disappointed. We were looking for a cheap straight through flight to San Juan and this was the flight we found. The plane was clean and roomy! Plenty of leg room for everyone. They offer free satellite t.v., movies, XM radio,"
First Flight on Jet Blue,"After more than 5 million miles, I finally took a flight on JetBlue. I chose them because they flew non-stop from New York to New Orleans at fares comparable to connections. At a time when flying has become rude and uncomfortable, it was a pleasant surprise. It started with"
"No problems, or delays.","No problems. Plenty of room for carry-ons. Flight was fast and smooth, all on time. Sat at the front of the plain, last in First out!"
i hate late night flights,"nothing wrong with the flight or the personnel, BUT, if you can avoid it, don't book the late flight back. always, ALWAYS delayed. the later you travel the more likely you are to be pushed back. it's historical. can't remember a late flight I've taken on this route that actually"
Very Confortable,"Flight was very smooth, if you want to seats with extra leg room you will have to pay extra. Staff was very friendly and accommodating."
Professional and friendly,"My experience on JetBlue has been excellent on several trips to Haiti in the past 2 years. This trip on January 18 & 22, 2018 was well managed and very comfortable. The space for even regular seats for my 6’2” body and especially my legs was ample. (Not ‘Even More Space’ seats!)"
Good,"The flight was good... But because of whether was cancelled... They didn't offered nothing... But nice lady who works on the check in desk, she help me to find hotel... I'm so thankful for her. But on the next day, was everything is OK... Delay on 2 h, but service was OK... "
Mrs,My favorite Airline by far!! Friendly crew and lots of leg room. I have always had a great experience with this airline starting from start to finish...
Buffalo to Orlando,"Great direct flight from Buffalo to Orlando.Can't say the same for my return trip.Very disappointed with in flight TV screens.Stopped working after 5 min.Flight crew reset system,only to go out for the rest of the trip!"
Last minute desicion,"We had to make a quick Choice after landning at JFK from Europe, we were very tired. Lots of full flights due to bad weather - we got last seats on JetBlue- quite expensive- flight late or quite delayed, friendly service, quite a delay on arrival-maybe due to late departure"
Great airlines with clean and spacious seats for the price,JetBlue has been a secret surprise as the plane is clean. They give everyone a FULL CAN to drink and a bag of chips. FREE INTERNET and movies. Plus one of best prices off all airlines. Jet Blue is trying hard and starting to win. You need to try them out.
"RDU to Boston,Ma","The staff at check in was very quick and accommodating to ensure we had a wheelchair for my husband and the attendant help my husband onto the plane. The flight was on time in leaving and early on arrival. The stewardess were helpful, pleasant, and friendly which made the trip"
Best Jet Blue Flight,"Jet Blue customer is amazing, roomie seats, and wonderful staff, very helpful and welcoming. I wanted water at the end and they got me some right away. I was able to sleep and I never sleep in flights. I love Jetblue"
Best Airline!,Jet blue is my favorite airline. Always pleasant staff. Leather comfortable seats. AND you get complimentry snacks. Flights dont need to provide a gourmet meal but at least something to drink and a snack to help pass the time...Jet blue is the one!
Flight was confortable.,Very happy with this flight primarily because there seemed to be more legroom between rows. Even though no meal was provided they do allow you to have what seems like unlimited soft drinks and snacks.
Great Service,I was so happy I didn’t have to fly out of Miami to go to Aruba this year. The only negative was the gate area at the Ft. Lauderdale airport did not have enough seats and space for all the guests waiting for flights. Other than that everything was pretty perfect.
Perfect,Our direct flight left and arrived on time. The service was impeccable. All of the personal we’re attentive and very accommodating for my wife in the wheelchair.
Mint is a great way to travel to San Deigo,"Took the 7 am flight on Jet Blue in the Mint Class, Great Brunch . Great service, Very comfortable. I had a single seat which is even extra special space. Arrived in San Deigo well rested and fed. I am a frequent user of Jetblue and alway very happy with thier service"
florida cup,The best USA airline seat very very comfortable a lot of space I'm big guy 6-4 great entertainment on board just fantastic Airline
"Friendly, Efficient, and On Time","What we like most about Jet Blue is the amount of leg room (compared to other airlines). Also, at Long Beach, CA, they board and unload the plane through both the front & rear doors which helps keep you moving. Also enjoyed the personal little Direct T.V.'s."
A good flight,The flight was good but they need more controls on how many bags people can bring on board and put in the overhead because we took to board sooner and extra leg room when we got to our seat the overhead was already full plus the other side also.we had to go back 7 seats behind
BEST flight EVER!,We watched the Jaguars V Patriots playoff game and the whole plane was full of energy! The flight attendants went with it and enhanced the whole experience. We had plenty of drinks and snacks and the seats were comfy as always. I have come to expect this from JetBlue and they
JFK to LAX,"Jet Blue great airlines with individual entertainment. It’s worth paying the extra for extra space. They give you small treats, so make sure you grab a Starbucks for the long flight. WiFi is very slow"
"Great flight, but big problems at the JFK terminal","If you think only of the flight and the service aboard, it's easy to be pleased with JetBlue. But there's more to consider. For one thing, when leaving from JFK it's essential to plan extra time just to get up the ramp to the departure doors. We wasted 20 minutes working our"
Good Flight and Staff,"I found JetBlue to be similar to Easy jet but they provide you with a free snack and refreshment, so slightly better that EZY. The service on board the flight was good, however there was no entertainment."
3:30 Wake-up for a Delayed Flight,Our two week vacation to the West Indies ended on a really down note thanks to JetBlue. We arrived at the Barbados airport in more than enough time to check in for a 7:30 flight only to find the check-in gate unstaffed. The hours posted are from 4:33AM to 5:33PM. The desk
Consistent,I love to fly Jetblue to get to Florida! Their flights are straight through which means in 3 hours I can leave the cold of NY and be in the warm of Florida. When you have the Jetblue card which I did for years you get 1 free bag. This time I just packed smarter and took a carry
Flight to Orlando,"Disappointed in two things. First, there is a $25 fee for checking a bag, even just one. Second, TV's didn't work. This seems to happen a lot."
Flying home!!,Flying home today on Rythum and Blues... It was an excellent flight. Great flight crew..The captain made sure we where aware of some bumps coming. Flight attends made it through the cabin a few times with drinks and snacks. Disappointed the tv did not work. We where out of
DC to Quito a Good Choice,"We flew to Quito from Washington, DC through Ft. Lauderdale on their single flight of the day. All in all it was a good experience other than having to arrive and leave Quito at midnight. We flew Blue Plus which gave us plenty of extra room for extra dollars. No food but chips"
Nice flight but always delays,We have flow JetBlue several times and have found the flights and service good. However flights have been consistently delayed. Overall jet blur is good and reasonable.
Great flight - no delays,"We were very fortunate to be the first flight out early Sat AM right before JFK became a total chaotic debacle. Our flight was great, love having the TV & free movies. Arrived on time with all of our luggage. Our flight steward Rick was terrific. Cool, clam and very"
airline review,"Only a couple of non-stop flights available to this destination. Prices were higher also, maybe 15-20% higher. JetBlue was its usual stellar self, with the most legroom in economy and efficient in every way. The White Plains airport is a bit of a joke, very convenient but way"
always a pleasure,quick and easy flight we take it 1x every other year- try to make mardi gras or the week after - short flight - nice crew always friendly -
Florida Jan. 2018,"What a joy to fly. Even when you don't opt for extra space, there is plenty of space, both hip & leg. The seats are comfortable. A real plus is having the TV screen right in front of you. Offer you more than a 1oz. bag of pretzels."
More or less,The AC was too cold and we all say to the captain to put the AC in a good temperature but was impossible. We traveled about 3.4 hrs freezing. WAS TERRIBLE.
Be aware of website claims that you can proactively change travel due to expected bad weather,"Jetblue offered travelers refunds who proactively changed their flights due to an impending storm. Unfortuantely, my CC was never refunded. JetBlue did create a travel bank for me where they told me I have a credit. This is not actually a refund it is a credit on their website"
The very best airline,This is the best domestic airline to travel up and down the east coast and from the east coast to the west coast. It’s the only airline I will consider. The stewards and stewardess’s are polite and helpful. I have traveled JetBlue at least 4 times a year for the last 12 years
Jet Blue Mint,"I have flown on many Business/First Class flight on many airlines all over the United States. There has been no better in terms of service, seating, space and food than Jet Blue Mint. Excellent in all respects. If flying alone try to get the seats in either row 2 or 4 they are"
JetBlue my favorite airline,Well worth getting $30 upgrade to pick my seat and be first on plane. Always like the TV at each seat and free wifi so I can text and email in flight. Been flying them for 10 years and never had a bad experience. Recently they said my flight was delayed so let me on an
JetBlue makes travel a pleasure again,Thanks to JetBlue I finished my first marathon at the Disney 25th Marathon Anniversary Weekend in Orlando FL! Originally my flight was from DCA to MCO and due to snow I could not get to DC for the flight so JetBlue allowed me to change to a flight out of RIchmond VA to MCO so I
Difficult Website for Multiple Reasons,"Prior to a recent trip to St Lucia, my wife and I tried to check-in online after receiving email prompts from Jet Blue. The experience was frustrating since we could fill out some information, then, were taken to an ""error"" page. As a result, we had to call in and finally"
Budget carrier with very good service,"From checking in at the counter to boarding at the gate, my flight experience was delightful. No complaints at all."
The Best Service in the Industry,"JetBlue has nailed it. They just treat every customer like a king. (or queen). I flew Mint service for a business meeting. It was comfortable, top rated. The staff goes out of their way to make you feel special. I am now a 100% convert to Jet Blue whenever our schedules"
Direct Flight! Happy and on Time I will always fly Jet Blue when it is available,I was happy when I found the Jet Blue flights as opposed to other carriers. Price was reasonable and you can bring a carry on with you. I love the free entertainment on board as it helps time pass quickly. We left a little late but arrived close to original arrival time.
"Slight Urine Smell, but Good Flight","After the great trip we had to Boston a week earlier, I was looking forward to some comfortable seats and good legroom. Both of those expectations were met. Smooth flight, comfortable seats, great legroom. The flight attendants were attentive, not overly friendly, though. The"
Amazing Legroom!,"This was the first time flying on JetBlue, and it was definitely a wonderful experience! Flew to Boston for a connecting flight. The plane was very clean, very comfortable seats and amazing legroom! We didn't pay extra for more legroom, so we were extremely surprised at how"
Can't go wrong!,"We try to use JetBlue whenever we can. Headache free booking and customer service. How can you ever go wrong with JetBlue. We have yet to have an issue with booking, changing, delays or customer service! Love this airline!"
I wish i could fly JetBlue everywhere,"I love flying with JetBlue. They also seem to get customer service right. Pros: In flight entertainment monitors, great pilots, good flight attendants, extra space upgrade was worth it Cons: Pilots don't do barrel rolls"
JetBlue - Best free snacks and free wifi!,"JetBlue has only one flight out of ABQ: a redeye to NYC that is fast, as painless as air travel gets these days, and with a very nice staff on board. They also easily have the best free snacks in the air and they have FREE wifi! (Why isn't his standard across the industry?)"
Run Forrest RUN,"So we thought we were set, the storm was Thursday and our flight was Friday at 8:45 PM. We go to the airport with plenty of time to spare. The tickets were purchased through Hawaiian airlines as we were headed to Hawaii but Jet Blue and Hawaiian are ""partners"" for these"
Close to Home,So glad jetBlue has non-stop flight from Worcester to Orlando. It was an easy drive to the airport and close to home. Parking is only $7 a day.
incredible (and unexpected) delight! free and working internet during the whole flight!,"i was blown away by their service! friendly and very cool flight attendants and tasty cookies and free! and working! internet in economy! never had that before! so thankful! great job, people, keep it up!"
Excellent Service from Check in then our flight and getting our bags.,It was a good flight. Service was very good both going to Tampa and Returning to Washington D C The nice thing was being able to see shows on the plane and not paying for it.
Trust JetBlue,Our flight from BTV was delayed because of ground problems and so we would have missed our flight to POP. JetBlue staff re-routed us through Santo Domingo so that we were able to arrive the same day. They were extremely helpful.
Great Airline,"If you have a choice, go with JetBlue . Their Even More Space seats are well worth the extra cost, and their flight handling (boarding, departure and arrivals) are the best. The staff seems to be a cut above the rest- uniformly friendly and helpful."
"Great service, on time very good flight","I travel a lot and JetBlue has been great in every single trip, Internet on the flight worked perfect and for me that is very important"
Lots of issues,"Problem was not with the flights. The flights were fine. Problems were at JFK airport on Saturday, January 20. We got there 2 and a half hours before flight time. ALL of the computers were down!! This affected HUNDREDS of people...not just us. We had boarding passes but"
Beautiful Landing,Slept most of the way until they woke me to fill out Mex Custioms & Immigration Forms. Friendly Attendants smooth flight.
Great Flight,"We took JetBlue round trip from New York to Palm Springs. It was a non stop flight, which was great. They only fly there seasonally, during the colder months. The flight was smooth and on time both ways. Love the fact that they have free wifi and seat back entertainment."
Always a good trip,Crowded as usual but the staff is nice and the flight was on schedule. Bagged snacks and soft drink are complimentary.
The perfect way to get to NYC,"Since it was winter, worried about getting to New York. But the flight went smoothly and the crew was very efficient."
Bad Weather Flight,"Our flight was the day after the Northeast's storm beginning of January. Brake hydraulics froze up on our first plane, before take-off. It took 6 hours to finally leave JFK on a working plane. Flight crews were good, but could they have planned maintenance better in the bad"
On time and efficient,"The flight was on time and the staff efficient at check-in, at the gate and on the plane. I checked a bag, for a fee, and it was available for pickup by the time I got to the conveyor belt. It was nice having a direct flight."
Boarded 2 Hours Early,"Low cost, low thinking. Boarded the plane way too early for an early departure. Obviously not everyone was at the airport that soon. I’m sitting here still, on the plane, now it’s a late departure. Several people missing connecting flights. No movie, beverage, snack...we all"
Still amazed at how much legroom there is!,"So much legroom! I did upgrade to an Even More Space seat. I got the entire row to myself, which is always nice. I am 5'6"" and my feet did not even reach under the seat in front of me. I had so much room! The attendants were friendly and efficient. I had a little trouble"
25th Anniversary flight,"As always this airline does not disappoint- I fly twelve-15 times a year both for business and pleasure, and when for pleasure- we only fly to the islands and the destinations that jetblue flies to. Most recent trip was to Turks and Caicos for our 25th Anniversary and this one"
Best airline Ive ever flown,"Had a round trip ticket from Boston to Grand Cayman. Uneventful flight down. Everything was smooth, the stewards were great. The problem was on the way back. It wasn't the airlines fault mostly but rather the frigid cold weather in New England. Had a stop over in JFK which"
Just right & on time,"This was our first time experiencing Jet blue, did not know what to expect? ! But evering went well our flight was on time our luggage got there on time and the service was great. We ended up saving some money compared to the alternatives. The plain looked in very good"
Delay flight,I wanted to get to Boston and there where two flights with JetBlue and American airlines so I selected JetBlue as it was looking as a better flight (my daughter told me about the JetBlue delays but I was thinking it will be better) but then the delay start and I understood that
Comfortable Seats and Nice Flight Attendants,"The flight from Boston to Cancun was excellent. They left right on time, got us there a little early, and the flight attendants were very friendly and helpful. We paid extra for the ""Even more space"" seats, which I recommend if you can. The flight back home to Boston from Cancun"
Flying is miserable; Jetblue is OK,"Everyone agrees - flying anyplace is no fun anymore. The terrible events of Sept. 11 had long-lasting consequences - as they should. One was that instead of asking the question ""How can America improve its transportation system?"", we asked ""How can we keep out evil people from"
Spoiled,"If you don't know how great JetBlue is by now...what are you waiting for?! The flight attendants are always friendly. The snacks are great. The media options are great and for an economy seating, the seat are the roomiest of all the other airlines that I've flown on. Plus, you"
Love Jetblue!,The flights going and returning from Aruba were wonderful ! Both flights had an awesome crew and I'll be flying with them again soon enough! Thanks Jet Blue!
So great!,"There was so much legroom, in a standard seat! Also, there was FREE WiFi and also TV/movie options available (some for free). You could also check your flight position/status on the screen in front of you as well. I don’t know if that was specific to this aircraft but I"
Jet Blue Comfort,Seats were comfortable room for your feet. Time of flight should have been 2 hours but only took 1.5 hours. Staff was very nice. They promised direct TV and it did not work. No sound. Airline should provide ear plugs- not charge passengers.
Jet Blue in the blue,My trip to Curacao -JFK-Orlando was fabulous. Seats are very comfortable and roomy. Good service. I wish there is a morning flight so we can arrive early in JFK not in the night.
Fly from ft lauderdale to San Jose 2 hours 20 minuets,"Nice airline, excellent service, and a smooth flying experience. I like the price for the flight, and the airline is good service. I would recommend flying this airline to others"
Good,"I've flown with JetBlue many times over the years. Prices for their flights is so good its worth driving across the border and flying out from Buffalo. I flew with JetBlue January 12, 2018 and January 23, 2018 I like how comfortable their seats are and the legroom is adequate."
Seats very comfortable and roomy,"I basically fly back and forth to Boston from Charleston, SC and love that it’s direct and you’re there in 2 hours. I would love for Jet Blue to fly direct into White Plains, NY because that’s where my family lives and I do not want to fly into JFK because then I have to get a"
Not our best Jet Blue flight,Hard to know who's fault the 1:45 delay in departure was. First they said the pilot was on his way in from Florida and hadn't arrived yet. Then they boarded passengers and announced that the plane had to be fueled (What were they doing while waiting for the pilot?). They said
I love JetBlue!,I love JetBlue. I really feel that everyone with the airline goes out of their way to make flying pleasant.
Disappointing Red-Eye Flight,Took a Red-Eye cross country to meet up with a Cruise ship. Never again. The seats were tiny and close together. Leg room was negligible. Did not sleep the whole flight. Blankets and pillows extra charge. Likewise food. I suspect that all seats on JetBlue are similar -
Always a great flight,"Always a great flight with JetBlue. Will always choose JetBlue over the competitors. I had a great, smooth flight. We ended up coming in about 15 earlier than anticipated. Our flight attendants offered us extra snacks and there was many options. Free TV, Wifi and satellite radio."
GREAT - BEST IN YEARS,"Departed on time, arrived early. Carry on and under seat bags fly free. Paid $10 for express lane check-in. Worth more. Seats wide and comfortable. Plane was super clean. Staff outstanding. Full flight, but outstanding experience."
Jetblue,"Always great service, more leg room, snacks and drinks. Just wish baggage was included. Like this over Southwest at this point"
No Problem,"Also used JetBlue for the return flight. Everything was good. Timely departure, timely arrival. Efficient operation. Extra fees for baggage."
Room - easy,Always fly JetBlue if available to my destination - best seating - easy check in - professional - first choice.
"Comfy seats, great flight attendants and snacks!",We booked our flight on Jet Blue because the schedule met our needs. The seats were quite comfortable and we had plenty of legroom. The flight attendants were friendly and very attentive. And we didn’t have to pay for snacks or drinks!!
Barbados 2018,"We flew to Barbados and as usual JetBlue did a fantastic job. They are always very accommodating and a pleasure to fly with and probably the most favorable thing are the direct flights to our destinations, you can't beat that........"
Nice plane,This was a nice ride to BDA. Nice attendants good sets the plane was clean and excellent inflight entertainment. We had free snacks and full can of drink and not just a glass. Will fly again.
Good flight,Enjoyed the flight Attendants took care of you and the plane was nice with good leg room. I would travel with them again.
srfcation,"LOVED the leg room as a family of 4 with me at 5'8"" being the short one, we were beyond impressed with the comfort and great service from your airline !!! Can't wait to fly with youall again and check out more amazing places."
Your personal flight,"This is a 3 1/2 hour flight-- so comfort and attention are SO appreciated! We highly recommend purchasing the Even More Space Seat for the extra room. As I have made this airline my preferred choice, I made Mosaic level in 2017 and 2018. The benefits include 2 free suitcases for"
Very disappointed,Had flights to Cancun. Put on TV and saw flights were delayed. Even tho I am set up to get texts and emails got no notice of delay. Called JetBlue and recording said flight was delayed from 10:45 AM to 12:45 PM. Decided to call to speak to a person. On hold for 1 hour! Agent
Excellent Experience!,"I was really impressed with the overall flight experience. I flew round trip with my wife for a New York getaway weekend! The flights were on time, planes were clean and comfortable and the crew was fantastic. We choose the roomier seats and the additional price was well worth"
Mint Class,JetBlue's new Mint class of service is great. i had a suite all to myself and enjoyed the privacy very much. the flight attendants were very helpful and the food was actualy edible.
Beware of fees,"Sadly, JetBlue charges for baggage, which can add up. Further, any flight changes come at a cost. Service on board was very good and the legroom is outstanding for a budget airline. Lots of flight options around the US."
Do not fly jetBlue if you want to get somewhere,"We purchased our Honeymoon tickets in December and had a flight out of Detroit, MI on May 28th (the day after our wedding). I received a call around March saying that our flight had been rerouted and would be getting in LATER that day, NOTHING was mentioned of a date change. On"
Just Fly JetBlue,"Any time we fly JetBlue we are happy campers! Always on Time and Friendly. JetBlue is usually reasonable in price, although I am trying to get a flight out for February Vacation 2018 and everything is sky rocketing, including JetBlue!! Crazy prices! Overall, JetBlue is"
Always delayed,Always delayed I don't know why people like this airline. Who cares about free chips if you never get on the plane?
"Despite Delays, Still a Great Trip","JetBlue is always a great airline and we use it for almost all our domestic trips. The service is great and although there were delays on both ends, we were communicated with and treated with great professionalism."
"Timely Flight, Comfortable Seats, Smooth Flight",I was able to check in easily using the app. I was also able to quickly print my checked bag tag at the airport and literally checked my bag and myself in less than 5 minutes at the airport. A travel agent booked this ticket for me. Do check and make sure ahead of time that
Great flights,We recently flew JetBlue from west palm to New Jersey but we also use them to fly to New York on Thanksgiving. Everyone on the plane was super nice they even Said happy birthday to my daughter over the loudspeaker. The best thing about this plane is that it has Wi-Fi and DirecTV
I love JetBlue,"The things I love about JetBlue are that they have GREAT legroom, they provide free wifi on their flights, and they are never stingy with the drinks and snacks--unlike other airlines that give you a glass of ice and a small portion of your drink. Go JetBlue! You guys are great."
Awesome customer service!,Alexis at the Savannah airport was amazing. Very friendly and extremely helpful. My flight was cancelled and she helped me find a new flight and rebook. Very kind and we chatted a bit while she was on hold. Alexis gave 10 star service. Thankful for all her help.
First choice to NYC,"JetBlue does so many little things well. Always my first choice for travel to New York. Love the newer jets, the leg room, the in flight service...the way they do business."
Late Evening Flight,"We were returning home after a 14 day cruise - our 2nd time with JetBlue. We appreciated the reasonable rate and the free checked baggage feature... just wished the rate had been on the earlier flights, as we had a 3 hour ride, after deplaning at midnight. The flight was good,"
Airbus Planes Are The Best!,"Coming back from our last trip to Cancun, we again flew on JetBlue back to JFK. I was happy to book this flight because JetBlue has a great fleet of Airbus 3XX planes which to me, are passenger friendly. The seats are larger and the legroom generous. Great comfortable flight and"
Such a quick and easy flight to CUBA!,This was a great flight. It was one stop from JFK to Cuba in 3 hours!!! I wish more people knew that Jetblue flies direct. Go visit CUBA!!
Always Good,Always a pleasant experience. Nice not to be penny pinched like United Airlines. Able to carry on for free and a personal item no problem or cost. This was especially helpful traveling with a toddler.
Good and easy airline,"We enjoyed our JetBlue flights. Our flight down, featured issues with the chair TVs, but on the way back to Jacksonville, they worked nicely. I would fly JetBlue again as the chairs were comfortable, you did not need to pay more for seat space and the staff was nice. The clients"
Great flight to and from!,We got to the airport and had no problems checking our luggage! The staff in both the Buffalo and Fort Lauderdale airports were all kind and helpful! The seats were comfortable and it was great to have TV and WiFi for free. I would definitely fly with them again.
Terrible /worse costumer service ever,"Terrible/Terrible costumer service...you feel flying in a bus,,,, I booth tickes for my whole family -flying with 3 kids and they put us in separate seats ...really are you seating a 5 year boy far from their parents!!!! ridiculous !! no lunch -just snack. poor service......no"
"Reliable, Good service and communicates well with customers","I'm a very loyal Jet Blue Customer. They like all airlines, have their bumps in the road, but i find they are very clear with their communications, have very comfortable seating, a good choice of snacks and drinks and FREE WIFI and entertainment. A good combination for all"
No refund,"My husband and I had reservations on JetBlue to St Martin where we were going for a few days on our way to St Thomas to attend a conference. After the hurricane pummeled both islands, the conference was moved to Vancouver Canada. Unfortunately there was no availability on any"
"Good airline, however their A-320's are showing their age!","Booked Economy Comfort for our flight on 12/06/2017. We go to/from Orlando 3/4 times a year and split the flights between jetBlue and Delta. Seats are more comfortable on Delta, but the price is slightly higher. The big difference is the terminal in MCO. jetBlue is located"
Best flight ever,This was our first time flying Jet Blue and we were very impressed. The flights were all on time. The leg room was as advertised and it was more than what we've had on other airlines that we paid for. There was an assortment of snacks offered. It was refreshing and pleasant. The
"Reasonable cost, comfortable airline","I have flown JetBlue to Florida many times and I am always satisfied. The seats are comfortable, they have jacks for headsets and the TV and movies on the seat back screens are great and make the time go by fast. There are free snacks and drinks as well as alcoholic beverages"
My go to Airline,"So comfortable, smooth flight, mostly on time, plenty of seat space, pleasant airline attendants. Female pilot and co-pilot. (GIRL POWER)"
Wow! I loved flying Mint class!,"OK. Before I describe my Mint class flight, I will describe my flight from Boston to San Diego which was in economy class. I paid for Extra Space seats which also meant early boarding and faster TSA processing. I appreciated the extra space option and will do it again. It's"
Reliable and good service airline,"Jetblue has proven to be a very reliable airline in terms of time to depart and duration of the flight. It also provides a very good service on board, specially for MOSAIC members. Flight attendants are kind and accommodate to passenger needs. Good TV system and good"
Jet Blue Mint to Aruba,"Gotta love Mint! Recently flew from JFK to Aruba great way to start vacation with a cocktail at 7:23 am! Very comfy seats, meal is ok taste wise but nicely done...service is great, little bag of things like moisturizer, socks, eye mask...reclining seats and massage great, nice"
Great flight,"Jet blue was on time, didn’t lose our luggage, and we even checked 3 carry on bags because the flight was so full (no additional cost) Good variety of snacks and drinks. Smooth take off and landing. Also able to watch tv/movies/music on the short flight we had. Jet blue it is"
Couldn't Be Any Happier!,"We've flown with Jetblue for more than 10 years and was always satisfied with their service. Their leather seats are extremely comfortable and roomy. If you need more leg space, you have to pay a little more. We don't mind especially if it's a longer ride. The newer planes"
"late flights, bad communication","Thanks JetBlue for the worst travel experience I've ever had. On our round-trip flight we experience hours-long delays, multiple itinerary changes, and terrible communications with customers."
I love JetBlue,"Great service, attentive staff. Great snacks. Comfortable seats. This is one of my favorite airlines and of course free WiFi. JetBlue flies to great destinations both domestic and international. I now see that they fly to Ireland. Hopefully one day to London. JetBlue is"
Great flight,Love flying Jetblue with the kids because of the TV's and the service. All the attendants were super friendly and attentive. We had a great flight arriving on time.
Love Jet Blue,"Always pleased with a Jet Blue flight. Nice snacks, wi- fi, and TV. Plenty of room. Makes the flight move along quickly. Very nice flight attendants as well."
Great service.,All of our flights were ontime. Our seats were comfortable. The crew was fantastic. We loved the extra snacks. Perfect!
"Flight was fine, but they cancelled my next flight without an explanation.","This flight was perfectly fine - no problems and on time. However, we received notice the next day that our future flight would no longer be serviced, and they booked us on another flight that would have caused us to lose a day at our destination. They had no explanation, but"
Best Airlines Ever,"We have traveled on JetBlue several times and have never had the great service they offer from any other airline. My husband & I have decided we won't fly with anyone else if possible. Staff is friendly, professional & there is lots of leg room on the aircraft. They are always"
The best!,"Never had a bad experience with this airline. It's worth working to reach their Mosaic status....lay down (almost) seats, Great food, friendly and attentive flight attendants."
plane was dirty and bathrooms unusable,the plane was not prepared to handle and service customers it will be my last choice to fly the attendants knew and did not improve the situation
Fast and easy flight.,I’ve flown all last year on JetBlue from SFO to Long Beach and it’s been great. The ease of landing and checking in st Long Beach can’t beat any other airport.
Great JetBlue service,JetBlue is my go to airline. Most comfortable seats in economy of any airline. Great snacks and flight attendants are the best.
JetBlue is the best,I have never been disappointed in JetBlue. Most comfortable seats in Economy and great service. And free wi fi! They have great flight attendants!
My favourite airline!,"JetBlue is by far my favourite airline. Living in Canada, it is worth the short drive across the border to fly with JetBlue when I am travelling to another US destination. From their amazing customer service, to actually having legroom in economy (I'm 6'1 so this is a huge"
When it comes to Service and comfort there is no “general Service vs “first class. All seats are first class! vs.,Flew Palm Beach to Boston via Jet Blue and it’s always a pleasure. Very comfortable seating with fists class spacing. Service from the flight attendants is second to none. Once you are in the air they are on their feet offering drinks snacks and reading material at no
Very pleasantly surprised,I have flown many airlines but my most frequent flights are with United. Unfortunately with United it is almost impossible to use your mileage to upgrade class or seats and they are very difficult to deal with on the whole. I decided to try JetBlue for this recent trip and must
Smooth experience all the way,"I hadn't flown JetBlue for a while, but their non-stop service was easily the best option for this trip. Free Wi-Fi, excellent free options on the seat back screen, free earphones, free soft drinks, free snacks, and free advance seating options were a positive counterpoint to"
Great Phone Customer Service,"I've never written a review of an airline before. In fact, I've never noticed this section in reviews! But I just want to weigh in on the customer service element at JetBlue. Today I had a phone customer service experience on JetBlue that was strikingly good-- especially in"
"EWR-NAS, Very good!","The best budget airline we ever flew. Very friendly staff, small snack, wifi and great fight overall. Was the cheapest connection we could find. Plenty of legroom also (194cm) Way better than Ryanair!"
delayed in both directions,"Bye Jet Blue. Here's the thing. Jetblue gets so much right. Nice staff, room in plane, decent prices. I always say they are the only airline left with good customer service. I choose then anywhere they fly especially long distance. I often use them for LA, Florida and PR. They"
Inept,"Don't know where to start...BOS/JFK flight late due to no crew(?), Missed JFK to LIR (had to rebook on Delta costing $800 net after puny refund for that leg. Told we could get out luggage in JFK because it was checked to LIR, finally got 3 of 4 pieces after waiting over an"
"Excellent service ,super flight","We would recommended JetBlue to everybody super service ,super legroom everybody from the crew was very helpful thank you"
Good eats and comfy seats!,"I fly quite frequently and I must say that this JetBlue flight was the most comfortable flight I have experienced in a long while. The individual - leather! - seats seem to be larger than other airlines, and I found there was significantly more leg-room; these factors provided"
Extra leg room=comfy flight,I like that Jet Blue offers more leg room than their competitors and keeps prices low. They even allow one free carry on per person...although that means it can be tricky to find a spot in the overhead bins.
Regular flyers on JetBlue,"Although we have been frequent flyers on many other airlines in the past, we choose JetBlue whenever possible. Their personnel are invariably the most personable and helpful. Their customer service policies are the most responsive, such as ability to change a flight for a"
"Good Flight, Late Departure but Early Arrival","Great service from the bag drop, thru to arrival. Flight was delayed leaving to allow for de-icing. Pilot took an alternate route to avoid the northeast storm and we arrived early."
One of the most comfortable airlines,"We fly about 8 times a year. This was our first experience with JetBlue. Mostly because they have somewhat limited routes/destinations, and their pricing is seldom competitive. However for this trip they fit the bill both in timing of flights and price. The aircraft was an"
Don't Expect Much Help in Bad Weather,1. Flight cancelled day after snow storm. Their e-mail made it sound like they would be working to reschedule. Not at all. We called them immediately upon notice of cancellation and spent 55 minutes on hold. They are simply not staffed up to help in an emergency. When we
Short but well-formed,"A one-hour on a budget airline and everything was top quality. Comfortable seating with plenty of leg-room, free cookies and soft drinks. Absolutely fine before, during and after the flight with a good view of Washington by night."
All coach seating but nice,"Need to pay a premium for more leg room, no baggage surcharge and refundable cancellation. Nice new aircraft, comfortable seats, trouble free checkin and good crew members. I’ll use JetBlue again All airlines need to address the excessive number of animals on the passenger"
lost credit for flight due to technicality,We were late to the airport and missed the cutoff for checking bags. At the check-in ticket counter I spoke with the agent and there were no open seats available that day. I was there with my 10-year old son and we had to get back that day. The agent knew that we had to try to
I Love JB Mint!,"I find Mint so good that it feels like I'm getting away with something. It is superior to other airlines' First Class, yet costs less. JB has figured out that FC travelers are not in it for the steamed steak or tortured chicken. They serve a choice of small plates that are"
Great flight,"Absolutely fantastic flight. Wish this airline offered international flights to Australia. Easily my favorite airline....so far! Hot towel, meals, entertainment and smooth flight :)"
Vacation,Jet Blue is a reliable airline. The staff is decent and most are kind and helpful. The pilots are experienced and skillful. They made a bumpy flight easier to take.
Our favourite airline,"JetBlue is our airline of choice. We will always choose it over other airlines if the price is good and the flight times match what we are looking for. Clean plane. Comfortable seats. Great free TV/Movies/internet/games. Good snacks and beverages for free. Great service. "
"Nice terminal, but very small","We enjoyed the food at the terminal, but it was small so no place to wander if you have to wait. The movie selections were nice, but they start at a specific time so if you connect late, you miss the beginning which is weird."
"Extra Leg Room, Yes","Flight from Austin to Orlando/Disney. Not much to complain about. Everyone was professional, no issues with personnel or luggage. We purchased extra leg room seats, which put us at the top of boarding order and front of the plane. I have long legs and JetBlue's extra leg room"
Flying high,I was pleasantly surprised that our flight went as smoothly as it did since JFK was experiencing massive delays after the ny weather closed. The airport for a while. The crew was pleasant and the luggage came out pretty quickly. There were terrible delays and our flight was
A Wonderful Tailwind Shaved Off an Hour of Flying Time!,"What would normally take just short of 4 hours from Cancun to NY, so nicely became a 3 hour flight, thanks to a superb tailwind. We paid extra for more leg room and, since we were in the very first row, we had legroom AND a speedy exit from the plane when we landed. Service was"
Check the weather report!!,Flying from Cancun to Hartford with a change of planes in Orlando. JetBlue cancelled the Orlando to Hartford leg of the trip due to weather in Hartford. The weather report called for snow to develop in Hartford after midnight. Our flight was scheduled to arrive at 10:50. My
Good bang for the Buck,"Was a pleasant flight on on time. The plane was very clean and the attendants were very professional. No issues during the flight, was smooth all the way. Will be using JetBlue again on our next trip."
Really jetBlue?,jetBlue is a JOKE!!!!!! I purchased a vacation package back in April because I figured it would be easier to book the flight and hotel at the same time. I went to check in and it told me I had to pay $ 25.00 for my checked bag! LOL I booked a vacation package with the key word
Very Comfortable Seats,"JetBlue is a very economical but service oriented Airline. Special attraction is the leg space between the seats, may be the biggest among all the Airlines."
Rescheduled our flight with no notice,"JetBlue completely removed a flight that we had booked with no notice, other than a notice that we had been rebooked on a flight that completely did not work for us. We would have lost a day of activities had we flown on the rescheduled flight. And, because other airlines had"
Solid consistent service,"Never any major problems or complaints compared to other airlines - noticibly better. Organized with boarding and debarking processes. Smooth traveling usually, especially this flight."
Cancelled 2 times and had to stay in the airport for 2 nights and pay a ride to the new airport that they changed.,"My flight was cancelled 2 times.I was stranded in the airport for two nights. They changed my flight to a new airport so I had to find a way to get to the new airport. They told me it was my problem, and even after they said my bag would make it there with me, it didn't they"
Wonderful! Reminded me of the old Eastern Days,This airline treats people right! They are something of the past in my experience. I fly frequently for business and typically have to make round trips in the same day. This becomes stressful enough and when you factor in airline carriers that are not too helpful it compounds
Mint is MINT,"If you have to do a long haul flight west bound that can take up to 6.5 hours, Mint is the only way to fly. The mint class has 4 individual pods and 12 double pods. Lie flat seats that massage are amazing, toiletry kit is always original stuff. The service, food, drinks and"
Awesome Airline,JetBlue is a great airline. We left right on time and landed in Aruba earlier than expected. Normally when I fly JetBlue we are not on-time however I was happy for this flight! Flight crew was nice as usual and the A321's new touch screen IFE's were a nice feature.
You have a choice when you fly.,"You have reserved seats that you select when the ticket is purchased. All seats have a TV screen that you can select to watch different shows. Do bring your own headset, the ones to purchase, are not cheap. Overall the company does a good job."
Quick responsive reactions,"This was first time flying JET BLUE. I want to thank Zack and the young lady at Sky Harbor Airport on 1/16 at 10:15 pm at the luggage counter. After my connecting flight in Boston was cancelled,they were able to reroute my trip to JFK and arrive in Buffalo even earlier than"
Good airline,"It was a quiet and ontime trip. Good service and average seat confort, but is great if you compare to low cost airlines !"
Good 1st time experience,I flew JetBlue for the first time last week on a round trip from Washington DC to Boston. While both flights were delayed due to the weather I was appreciative of the fact that I was regularly updated on the status of the flights and the reasons for the delays. The staff were
"Excellent Price, Service and Roominess",They offered the best price between Ft Lauderdale and Quito of all the airlines. The plane had outstanding legroom and a wonderful staff.
Nice flight,This is a economic class flight so I dont expect any special service from them but they can organiza the flight better on boarding
Always a Pleasure.,"JetBlue is great. They are pleasant and helpful. The free beverage and endless snacks is nice. The TV is a huge bonus, makes the voyage go by even faster. Seats and leg room is good. Always fly with them. Most of the time they are on time."
Not the best flight,"Fly from JFK to Orlando with my 4 year old. The plane wasn’t really comfortable and at the seats were the most uncomfortable I’ve ever seat on. They were small and very hard. Also most airlines let people with little kids get on first, not JetBlue only up to 2 years old. Getting"
Surprisingly Comfortable Flight,This was my first experience with JetBlue. I was very pleased with the on-board service. The seats are comfortable with extra space between rows. The crew was very polite during both flights. You also have the opportunity to view all sorts of entertainment while in flight. An
Terrible customer service during storms,Lost three days of my vacation because JetBlue could not get its act together during the recent winter storms in the Northeast. Finally got rebooked from my home city of Portland to NYC through Long Beach. JetBlue kept delaying the flight to JFK until 2 a.m. and after passengers
Always loved this Airline,"I love JetBlue. Yes, they have their issues like every other airline.. you will get delays, you will get cancellations. They have great customer service though for when this very unavoidable situations occur."
Nightmare,When we were airborne an announcement was made no water onboard. No coffee or tea service & after a couple of trips to the restroom it was obvious there was no water to flush the toilets the odor coming from the bathrooms was horrific.My wife & I had bad cramps when we we
One way flight from MCO to BOS,"Basic trip home, free wifi and everyone has their own video screen with more choices than one would ever need. Probably one of the best in business today."
"Small, basic and efficient","La Guardia Airport in NYC has been undergoing renovation for years now. Thus, there was a bit of confusion as to which terminal to go to for my flight with JetBlue. As I got there, I was well assisted by a ground staff with the check-in procedure and in putting the luggage tag"
"No surprises, Great airline","I always try to book on JetBlue. I have never had any problems with this airline. I really enjoy the TV screens in the seat in front of you there are so many channels to choose from that include music, TV, movies and a map showing your plane on it's vogage. Beverages and snacks"
Why do you have to lie?,"Ok, so I understand winter weather making air travel annoying, but the worst of my JetBlue experience was about far more than weather. JetBlue continually demonstrated disrespectful customer service and flat out lies. My travel experience was definitely annoying. I re-booked"
Excellent discount airline,"Even though I booked the ""Extra Room"" ticket for $55 more, the flight was still cheaper than United's cramped economy seat. Add to that the priority boarding and free in-flight snacks and this is a good deal."
Family Visit mini Vacation,"We love Jet Blue. Free Internet Access, Non stop flights. Majority of the time there flights are on time. Personal is always friendly and helpful."
Good flight. Wifi and ability to plug in devices made the flight better,"WIFI made the flight useful, unexpectedly allowed to get work done ahead of time. Free movies, somewhat limited choice. Flight was late because of pilots being stuck in Logan tunnels due to care fire in tunnel but they wasted no time once pilots arrived."
Smooth flight.,"Flight was delayed by 5 hours due to weather. The flight was easy and smooth. However, it took longer than usual to get baggage. We waited at the airport for an hour to get baggage, luggage was moved from one carousel to another without any notification and no one was"
Good airline!,"Good airline that gives out snacks and drinks for free, and as many as you want! No problems with this airline that I could see from one flight. Also has reclining seats!"
JetBlue does a good job.,Everyone did a great job getting us on board and providing as much comfort as possible. Flight attendants were all very pleasant.
Great experience in economy class,"Economy flying doesn't get better than this. Great legroom, decent snacks in short flight, on-time arrival and friendly staff. Nothing much I would expect!"
Delayed Flight messed up connection and resulted in all day flying,We were contacted at 4 AM to tell us the crew needed more rest time and the flight from Jacksonville to Fort Lauderdale would be delayed by 1 hour. This delay meant that our flight from Fort Lauderdale to New Orleans would be missed. We were supposed to arrive at about 10 AM
Great Budget Airline,"JetBlue is dependable, courteous and comfortable for a budget airline. The seats were clean and comfortable. The in flight wifi and entertainmet made this short flight seem even shorter. They still offer free snacks and a beverage. Which was perfect for a short hop."
JetBlue is just the best,Friendly flight crew...such a rarity these days. Plenty of legroom. Gotta love the internet and media options. We always ask...why fly other airlines after a JetBlue flight.
"Poor communications, unexplained cancellation","On day of departure, received email of 1-1/2 hour delay but it wasn't true. Actually rescheduled with 20 minute delay and then departed with just 1 hour delay. If we had believed email would have miss plane. On return, 2:00 pm flight was cancelled at 12:15 with no explanation"
On Time & arrived Early,Leaves at 7:05 am arrived at 3:00 pm I actually splurged and paid $90 for extra legroom. It was great!
"Punctual flight, with good service","First time we'd flown with JetBlue, and very impressed. The aircraft was reasonably new and v clean. We paid for additional legroom, and were very comfortable for the 6-hour flight. The cabin service was efficient, friendly and sensible, with minimal time spent selling either"
"Easy, smooth flight","Returning from a holiday trip to Richmond, it was an easy, smooth flight on JetBlue into Orlando. As we waited at RIC, some flights were coming in late from the Northeast, so we had to change gates. An announcement was made, the board was changed and I got a texted message. We"
JetBlue is the way to go,"Once again excellent service from the staff at JetBlue. Flew a brand new plane to Cancun and everything was perfect. I fly this airline all the time for vacation and they are top notch. If you are flying out of NYC, JetBlue is an awesome airline. They will even let you change"
Fantastic Mint experience,"This was our first time travelling with JetBlue, and we were thoroughly impressed. Our travel agent booked this leg of our journey to the Caribbean with the reservation that the seats were ""Premium Economy"" as opposed to Business Class which we travelled for the rest of the"
Delayed,Our flight on January 4 was cancelled so we were unable to book until Sunday the 7 and our flight was delayed from 6.40pm until 10.40pm as there was no co-pilot.We all got on the plane and waited another hour on the plane for paperwork to be signed off.The whole airport is so
Great value and service,"Used JetBlue to fly to Mexico as an alternative to Aeromexico. It was a great ,experience. Plane left on time, was very clean. We got the upgraded seats which have lots of legroom. Snacks and drinks got served quickly. A very pleasant experience including WiFi!"
Great Airline,I used to own a travel agency and I've been to 37 countries. I love Jeff blue of all the airlines in the states they have the most comfortable seats of all. Free snacks free drinks and great free snacks besides. I love them because they're not stop even though it's a little bit
Excellent Flight with Snacks,We did the check in on line and printed checked bag labels at kiosk at airport. Smooth on time flight with Snacks and beverage.
Solid Service!,"On time, comfortable, attentive service - what else could one ask for. In flight entertainment usually good on domestic flights but lose service over the ocean:-(("
Jet Blue is a consistent favorite,Very good inflight service. The flight was on time and without incident. Unfortunately my TV was not operational. The XM radio worked fine but I like to watch the active map and occasionally a TV show or movie so I was disappointed this trip. The return flight was fine.
Favorite airline,"I have no complaints. Flight left on time, arrived on time. Bags were not damaged. You can have as many snacks add you want. The offer fly fi."
Great experience,"As someone coming from Europe and being on the smaller side, the size of the seats surprised me. I would fit two people into my seat! The overall flight was very comfortable, the snacks kept coming and I landed safely in Oakland."
Satisfied customer,"I would definitely fly ✈️them again .Printed boarding pass in advance .Much faster getting to my gate .Flight was on time arriving as departing.Complimentary snacks and beverages was available with my short flight .Friendly staff .Text and email updates "
Poor customer service,"Was scheduled to leave boston on 1/4/18 but due to storm coming this flight was cancelled on 1/3/18 (i found out, they did not contact me). my only option was to rebook from 1/4 AM to 1/6 PM which did not work at all. They could not have cared less. I spoke with a manager and"
W. Kendall,LOVE JetBlue love the service and everything about our trip both ways. Just a great airline. We were about 20 minutes ahead of time into Orlando. Easy to get on the plane as well. Can't wait to fly them again. Just wish they flew more places out of PHL AND BWI.
Awesome airline,"I definitely love this airlines, this flight was on time, entertainment on flight, great snacks and good in flight service."
Don’t let the snacks fool you... there are other options.,"First off, their boarding process is painfully antiquated. Boarding in groups based on the timing of your check-in is terrible. Other than premium seating, loyalty members, military, people traveling with babies, the elderly and those handicapped the next group of travelers to"
Smooth flight with snacks by friendly hostess,"This was a direct evening flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Long Beach, Ca The flight was nice, smooth, no delay, own entertainment in front of you (bring your own headphones or earbuds), friendly hostess offering complimentary drinks and snacks; (you can ask for more). It is rare"
The way to fly,"I fly JetBlue every time to Florida. I find JetBlue to be friendly, dependable, clean, knowledgable, courteous, informational, and very safe. The flights offer snacks, drinks, and entertainment to be watched on a television screen located on the rear of the seat in front of the"
Good flights and service,"I did the check in 24 hours before, printed the bag tag, no problems at all. The flights were mostly on time. I use JetBlue every time I can."
"Long Beach, JetBlue flight with ease!","If you want no crowds and ease, this is the place. Also, JetBlue has bigger seats than the other airlines, direct flight and very friendly. The prices are good too!"
jetblue international,checked bags with mosaic kiosk and the attendants were super helpful. boarded flight early (Mosaic) got great seats with extra leg room for the whole party traveling. Awesome
Boston / Buffalo - running late - JetBlue Rocked!,"I fly often but not on JetBlue - I was running late and concerned JetBlue would not process me quickly (by late meaning 20 mins to departure and I am parking in Term C) - The Kisok wouldnt process me as the flight had been closed, I was directed to a ticket agent who called the"
Another good flight on JetBlue,"Flying JetBlue is a pleasant experience, as far as I'm concerned. Now, am I saying it's a luxury flight? Nope. When I was little and flew to Miami, you got a meal. Well, those days are over. But relative to other airlines, JetBlue make flying pleasant. In many flights, the"
Excellent flight out horrible flight back,"The flight to Havana was excellent, great service from gate to gate executed with flawless precision. The flight home was another story. To begin the Winter storm was hitting NYC so all flights were cancelled. Which would have been no problem had the airline had the"
"Friendly Staff, Lots of Let Room, and On Board Entertainment",The staff on our flight was extremely friendly and started off the flight with some joking over the intercom which lightened everyone's mood. It was nice that the airline went through the safety features with the staff as opposed to a computerized audio. This flight had plenty
Good service but TV didn't work,Good service with eve more speed seats but the TV screen did not work. Jet Blue did give a voucher for future travel but a credit refund would have been more appropriate.
I really like JetBlue,"I like JetBlue because of the spacial seating, more than any other airline. Their check-in is very nice with plenty of kiosks to check-in. The only negative I have about the airline is their lack of destinations. For instance, we were going to Cozumel, but had to fly to Cancun"
leaving in JFK with jetblue the staffs are excellent,"for dec 10 to dec 17 , leaving jfk with jetblue the staffs are excellent esp Kristina , she is very nice,friendly, professional and treat everyones equal esp to the mosaic member , wish every flight attendant can be like her because for return flight the flight attendant are not"
"All aboard the ""We don't HAVE to do anything for you,"" Airline","There was a blizzard, so our travel plans were adjusted - that we get. One extra day in Aruba, no worries. Then the following day when we landed at our transfer point (day+ post weather event) - Fort Lauderdale - there we waited as our flight went into a cycle of delays. I"
Flight left on time. Stewardesses were extremely nice and professional,I couldn't have been happier with the flight. Everything went like clockwork and the stewardesses were so very nice.
great flight to Ric,Flight was fully booked but no issues with carry on's etc. Like the option to check luggae free instead of carry-on
Full fare service on a low cost airline,"No surprise to me, impressive service for a low cost carrier, great Airbus equipment, keep expanding."
Great Flight,"I am a pretty nervous flyer, but JetBlue made me feel comfortable and relaxed! Their terminal services are phenomenal, as was the crew on the flight. Would recommend to anyone!"
Dogs are taking over!,"We actually paid for the up seats on JetBlue that have more leg room since JetBlue does not have first class. My husband and I had an aisle and middle seat. A women with a dog that stayed on her lap were seated next to me. This was totally unacceptable, I feel that I should have"
Great first experience on JetBlue!!!!,"My first experience with JetBlue was very positive. I was a little hesitant due to reputation as a low-cost carrier, but could not have been happier. I opted to pay for the pre-paid baggage and seat selection when booking on the website. Was easy. All personnel--ground and"
good flights overall,"We had a good flight overall. Pluses: comfortable seats good leg room personal screen/entertainment plugs under seat unlimited snacks and drinks nice enough flight attendants Minuses: charge for pillows and blankets (also headsets) too much advertising on screen (e.g., on the"
Best low cost,The best service and food option for a low cost company in the US. We always find the best return tickets with them. Fast and on time.
Flight to Punta Cana via JetBlue,"In the last few years we have been booking all of our vacations through JetBlue. Due to the great service we receive while booking and in-flight, JetBlue is our 1st stop for all flight bound travel. This vacation was no exception and as always, the flight and associated"
Recent Jet Blue nightmare,"I recently traveled on Jet Blue airlines, it started out ok with just one minor glitch. The trip back was a nightmare. I received a notice that my flight had been cancelled. I went to the airport to see if they could reroute me to my final destination. They told me that I could"
worst expirenece ever,"this the worst airline with the worst service. I arrived at JFK an hour before my flight with my boarding pass and the staff kept disrespecting me and saying ""sir you need my help we don't need yours , you can either be quite and let me talk or you can be here all day."" I was"
JET BLUE FLIGHTS - HORRIBLE,"JetBlue cancelled original flt 6a on Fri, 1/5 due to bad weather claimed soonest they could rebook us was following Wed, 1/10 at 6a. Flight 51 was cancelled ever day including 1/10 AFTER we printed boarding passes. Their excuse this time was ""mechanical issues"". My husband and"
positive vibes only,"Pilot , stewards everybody was amazing and they were full of positive enegy. With this airlines you always feel important and cared. They are always on your side and they do their best to make your trip better. Thanks for it all:) We love jetblueeee PLUS THEY HAVE FREE WİFİ ON"
"Good airline, nothing outstanding","I found this airline OK. Good customer service at the airport counter when I checked-in, the plane took off on time, and the seats and meal table looked clean. The flight attendant was friendly. However I didn't find anything outstanding, they charge $ 25 USD for bag and the"
"Movies, TV ,and snacks; all on an enjoyable Jetblue flight","My recent flight to Disney- Orlando Florida aboard a JetBlue airline was very enjoyable,as we were served beverages and snacks; as well as tv and movies at every seat.The flight crew and stewardesses were very cordial and professional.The boarding of the plane was very expedient"
Experience old world travel again!,"Felt as though we were in the upgraded section of the economy coach. Flight attendants were courteous and attentive. Additional beverages or snacks were available gratis. When we needed to cancel our return flight due to a medical emergency, JetBlue was happy to issue a"
Best airline ever!,Being in hearing impaired. They always come get me and let me board 1st..as handicap. I always use JetBlue. Never had any issues and friendly staff always polite and caring . I defiantly will always give my business to Jet Blue Love this airline!
Awesome customer service,We were due out of FLL on Dec 30 and the weather in NY was lousy. Flight was already delayed 3 hours. I asked Customer service to get an earlier flight and they put us on a La Guardia flight leaving within 50 minutes. Flight attendants were as helpful as ever. Great customer
Mint Service on Jetblue,My husband flies Mint Service during all his business trips...this time we treated ourselves during the holiday season...On the way out...it was strange...kind of like in a capsule. Very tight and close...I have flown first class back when you had gorgeous leather seats and 5
From SDQ to Orlando without any issues,"I went to Disney on August using this airline. I have to say that I had some concerns regarding it because it had kind of a reputation in my family and in my office, but I had absolutely no problems with it. There were noisy passenger but you can't really about that, can you? "
OK airline,"I've never had a problem with jetblue. Only one change of gate, but plenty of time to get there. They could have better instructions (as with all airlines) on how to check in with their kiosks."
Pretty standard flight,"I've flown JetBlue several times and it is a very standard airline with with quality amenities, but certainly come at a price. Of course in flight wifi, complimentary beverages, and comfortable seats are nice, for a 40 minute flight this airline might not be the best option for"
Jet Blue is the best North American Airline without a doubt!,"We have been flying Jet Blue from NY to Sarasota or Tampa for more years then i can remember and have never had a bad flight with them. Always plenty of leg room, much more then on other, more expensive airlines, always clean planes and these Blue Chips and the cookies! Forget"
very happy first experience,"My first time on JetBlue. The flight was cheap and I saw a news story on their mediocre on-time performance, so I did not go in with high expectations. But...The outgoing flight was on time, the leg room in cattle class was significantly better than other airlines, the staff"
Easy flight,"I flew Jet Blue Mint from JFK to Aruba. The flight was fairly brief—about 4.5 hours. The plane was comfortable and the service was excellent. The food was not good so if you need to eat, I suggest bringing something. Also they still use those giant bulky headphones for the"
Love jet blue,"Overnight flight. Typically ontime. You can eat as many cookies/chips as you want compared to the one small pack you get with the majors. Love the TV programs, but wished they had FREE movies! There is not much I dislike with JetBlue."
Rude Customer Service,"Be careful if you have any type of problem with your check in! I got to the airport 2 hours before my flight. The automated machine kept having errors, until the person helping me decided I should get help in the customer service line. There were about 4 or 5 people ahead of"
Haven't Been Disappointed Yet,"Our final destination was Bora Bora. We flew from JFK to LAX on Jetblue (and Air Tahiti from LAX to Papeete, French Polynesia). The JetBlue flight was as good as it could get. We had two seats side by side. During the flight, once we're cruising, we could get up and grab snacks"
Alwasys JetBlue,Always use this airline when traveling in USA also when going to DR. Simply the best. Hope they get newer planes in soon or fix up the interior seats are getting wear and tear on them.
Travel Blue,"As usual the Jet Blue staff were very helpful. I have been using Jet Blue for many years, and will always use them when I can."
One o the best flight experiences out of many.,"We we were concerned as we were flying during a time of very heavy airline use. However, Jet Blue was just wonderful. Once we got seated, we were treated like friends whom they wanted to welcome. We will always use JetBlue whenever we can."
"Delay, Delay, Cancelled","This was the worst experience with an airline and I've flown some pretty dodgy airlines. We flew from Buffalo, NY to Orlando, FL on Dec. 30. Our flight kept getting delayed every hour because of weather (our plane was flying from Newark to Orlando and then coming back to Buffalo"
More Leg Room,"We didn't pay for any upgrades. There is more room between the seats than on other airlines basic seat sections. The screens are really small and the quality isn't great, but it's free (if you bring your own headphones). I like that they don't use the big carts that block the"
Awesome Airline!,"Just loved my first flying experience with Jet Blue! The seats were roomy, the food was great and the back of seat screens/tv viewing experience was just super. My only complaint was the fact that they loaded from back to front, and this leaves limited carry-on space for those"
"Horrible experience flying to Barbados for Jan 1, 2018 new year","Don't fly JetBlue international to Barbados. Barbados airport was dirty, corrupt, crowded on arrival 12/30/17. Porter's with red caps took bribes inside the security area of the airport to get you past the 1.5 mile line for the last security check. JetBlue cancelled return"
"Less than 3 hours in the air, but an hour for luggage",The actual flights were on time. Took some time to get all carryon stowed. Getting my checked bag in FLL took about a half hour. On my return to JFK to took an hour. If you can carryon. They charge you to check but don’t deliver. Before boarding requested at least 30 carryons be
Easy breezy,"Flying from Boston to Nassau in the Bahamas on Christmas Eve day was one of the easiest travel experiences I've had in quite a while. Jet Blue left on time, the plane was clean and roomy and there were the tv's for the 3 hour flight. Customs was fast and the Nassau airport had"
Albany to Fort Lauderdale,"The flight was coming home from Albany, we left at a good time, the following day was a hughe sotrm, we would have been stranded. The flight was great, smooth sailing home, i was lucky, the middle seat was empty. Staff was great. I do have an issue with Jetblue, for the amount"
NEVER FLY JETBLUE AGAIN!!!,"I will NEVER fly JetBlue again, EVER. Stuck in Jamaica due to ""crew issues"", will miss connection in ft lauderdale & JetBlue claims ""there are no hotels left in all of ft lauderdale so you can sleep in the airport"", btw I checked & there are hundreds of hotels left. No food"
The best of all the airlines.,Jet blue offers individual monitors so you can watch what you want when you want. The seats are more spacious than the other carriers under Economy. The check-in process was quick and easy. This is our go-to carrier.
NYC to SFO,"It was my first time flying with Jetblue, the service provided at the counters when checking in and boarding was friendly and pleasant. When we boarded the plane the plane was clean and we were greeted by the friendly flight crew. Snacks and drinks were provided on board to keep"
A great airline,The only within the US that will give you leg room.Most of the time they leave on time. The stuardests are polite and very helpful.
Long easy flight,"We were flying to the west coast for a family wedding. We left NY a little late but arrived on time. Smooth flight, no problems. We came back on the red eye, again with a slight delay but no problems. Jet blue seats are comfortable and in flight entertainment makes the time"
Flight,Flight late over 2 hours and rep at the airport in my opinion need better training to explained to the passengers when there's an issue being late is one thing understanding why it's another totally different
Wonderful experience,"My family and I flew JetBlue for the first time. Not knowing much about the airline and one family members fear of flying, we were apprehensive leading up to this flight. We were absolutely delighted by the experience. The ground staff was very professional and the in flight"
"Quick easy flight, small delay","This JetBlue was a very standard quick JetBlue flight during the holidays. The flight was delayed about an hour because of a technical issue, but everything else was great. Free beverage and snack, friendly staff."
More leg room on economy,We flew with family to Orlando for a 3 day break. We were all surprised by the comfortable seats and ample leg room in economy. The price was not cheap but the flight was on time.
Flight 559 out of JFK to Kingston Jamaica,"Took this fight on 12/26/17 my husband and I were in seats 24A & 24B the whole back half of the plane was sooooodamn hot! Everyone complained but to no avail, the ac didn’t work so I baked from ny to Jamaica and the plane was small and tight!,,!! JETBLUE OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF"
NEVER AGAIN!,"I don’t usually write reviews but this time I feel it is very necessary! I was supposed to be on a Virgin America flight this morning at 10...but was cancelled due to poor weather. I was then transferred to JetBlue as the alternative flight later on, however I was shockingly"
Great flight to start off a great vacation!,"We had an early morning flight out of Richmond on a very cold morning. The flight was on time, which is always a plus. The crew was very friendly. The whole flight was very smooth including the landing. I really like JetBlue because the seats are comfortable and I don't feel"
Last flight on JetBlue...EVER,I’ve traveled a lot on JetBlue and earned Mosaic two yrs ago. Sure the television is great but unless you take the first flight out in the morning expect to be delayed and by a large margin. Extra leg room is nice but the sound on my television lately has been a bit off. The
JFK to Montego Bay,"We fly Jet Blue on just about every trip because of their consistency. This trip was no exception. The flights departed and left on time, which is our main concern. The TVs were not working on the return trip to New York which was not a big problem for us and we waited almost"
Avoid Jet Blue in Orlando until Tram is fixed,After clearing customs and immigration we had to give our bags back to the airline because they only have one tram running and they can’t accommodate people and luggage. Waited a while to get the overly crowded tram to the regular baggage claim area. There we had to wait 50
Free wifi within USA,"In this day and age, having free wifi within USA is pretty cool. Service was good and seat comfortability was fine. JetBlue have pretty good fares overall so I would definitely recommend it if the price is right as well!"
JetBlue WAS my favorite until they disappointed me,"I had a flight back to Orlando from LGA and my flight was inexplicably cancelled and they reschedule me for a 6 a.m. flight the next day without consulting me, when I realized this THROUGH EMAIL I called back and ask for a different time which they gave me reluctantly. In the"
Save Trip and Easy,"We travel in the morming the flight was full, it was very easy purchase the tickeck if you download the app,"
Better than the competition.,"Things started off bad! When we checked in we were informed the two of us had been separated by numerous aisles and seats, even though we specifically chose our seats when we booked. The ticket agent was wonderful and so polite. She changed the seats yet again and gave us two"
Professional and comfortable,Everything about this flight was spot on from the comfortable terminal to the efficient check-in and boarding and the comfortable seating. I wish JetBlue would offer transatlantic flights.
Nothing special it was not a pleasure trip,I flew jet Blue and they are one of the better airlies for service And plenty of space and on time. Staff very attentive
"Since moving to St. Croix, JetBlue is my favorite airline!",Overall JetBlue is my favorite airline. Great seating space and comfort ability. I love the snacks and beverages.
coming home,"The Jet blue phone app is very user friendly especially for check in on an international flight. They also did a great job getting us seated in an organized fashion. They always provide a nice snack and free wifi but unfortunately ""fly-fi"" was unavailable for most of the flight."
My go to airline !!,JetBlue has become my go to airline This trip we actually arrived in LA 30 minutes early and the gate was open - so how can you complain about being 30 minutes early The only complaint i have is their inflight entertainment was the same as it was in late Oct/ Nov (this trip
Orlando to Cancun,"Flights to/from left and arrived on time. Seats wer very comfortable, service was excellent. We have flown this route many times. Actually, we live in Tampa, but prefer a direct flight - Orlando is the only option"
"Painless checkin, excellent flight, wonderful service","A great way to get to the Bahamas. Painless check-in, excellent flight, wonderful service and snacks too boot!"
Love it!,"Efficient, Great service and no problems!! Jet Blue is consistent and free snacks! What more can you ask for??"
Flying with Jet Blue has always been a good experience,"We travel with Jet Blue regularly and have for years. They seem to manage to always be on time and they have attentive flight attendants. The seats are roomy and having a TV in front of you, always helps They are not cheep with treats. If you want two. No problem!"
Excellent airline,"This was our first flight with Jet Blue and my wife and I were very impressed. We left the gate In Buffalo and JFK right on time. Their fleet, even the connecter, appear to be very new and in excellent condition. We booked the extra room seats and found it to be good value. The"
Great flight experience,"We were pleasantly surprised by the wonderful staff, smooth process, efficiency of the team (we were in the air by the departure time since all guests were on board), and the inexpensive snack/food options available. Plus, when I wanted seltzer, they gave me the full can, a"
Great service!,We were flying from Orlando to Reykjavík with one stop in Boston and our flight from Orlando to Boston was rescheduled two hours later without any information from Icelandair. Helen who was working at the check in desk for JetBlue was very helpfull sorting out all the problems
Fll to Mde,"Flight was delayed over two hours with no additional information provided at the gate. When the “new” boarding time was posted, we boarded over 30 minutes past that, again with no information from the gate agent. I was very frustrated as this is a late night flight. Supposed to"
Flying home to the cold ! Go JetBlue !,"The plane arrived early at Orlando airport. They gave the passengers the choice to board early. Being Christmas time many people had extra carry-ons. Jet Blue offered to put them in the baggage compartment on the plane.at no extra cost.The plane was fully booked, about 30 people"
Christmas Flight Gift,We had some rough weather flying into DCA on Christmas morning but our flight crew couldn't have done a better job. When it came time to land our Pilot told us due to the winds we were being landed on a short runway and it could be a rough landing. He landed the plane
JetBlue continues to impress w/great customer service,"Jet Blue continued to impress me w/their great customer service, starting at the Silver Airways gate: the gate agent called me to the podium and advised me that I can get an earlier JetBlue flight than the one I was scheduled to take, so I decided to take them up on their kind"
Best domestic coach product,"We flew a A321, a relatively new plane on our flight to Orlando. Flight left on time, service was good, and seatback entertainment worked well. The plane was clean. It’s a good Airline for kids as the live tv is a good occupier of time. They also serve a snack which killed"
perfect flight to and from Aruba,"I got the extra leg room seating to and from Aruba, both flights were direct. I have used other airlines but Jetblue is always fast, friendly and smooth. They were booked full on the way to Aruba and the flight attendants always kept a smile. soda and snack were provided. I will"
End of Vacation Trip,"I just got off of a Royal Caribbean cruise in Fort Lauderdale and caught the 9:52am flight to New York City. I was in seat 31C which was an aisle seat. This flight was slightly delayed in take off, but we made up for it in the air. The captain informed the passengers that it"
very nice,its not my first time to fly via jet blue really I like their service .. the space in the seats everything was very well organized as I used their vacation service really my recommendation if you need to make any action book through them there was a wifi in the flight I
"Professional, curtious and pleasant","Great service from check-in to flight crew! Their planes are clean, roomy and the service is professional and friendly. The most room in coach for sure."
Flight went off on schedule and without problem.,"We booked ""even more space"" and had a comfortable and drama-free flight. Cabin crew was friendly and efficient. I expected the ""even more space"" seats to be 2 across - not so. Luckily no one had booked our middle seat and this flight was comfortable."
The BEST,"I always try to fly JetBlue whenever possible. I am a TrueBlue member. A very comfortable flight. Great leg room, even for a tall person like myself. I am 6'3"" American Airlines should take note. Tv's in the back of every seat. Great service. I have never experienced a bad"
Slowly Becoming a has Been,"Gone are the days of checking in baggage with no fees attached. It’s difficult to bring a weeks worth of shampoo and conditioner in travel sized containers even if you bring a few, toothpaste, perfume, etc. so you must spend the money and check in a bag. With all these bags and"
The new larger aircraft is fabulous!,"This new jumbo jet is the largest in the fleet. It is FABULOUS! I loved the blue light to minimize jet lag and the exit row seats are a good value for the money, if you are not flying premium or in First Class. Another perk on this plane, is their ""grab what you want"" snack"
Perfect Flight in US domestic,"I have taken JetBlue multiple times, and probably the best service in Economy in USA. This particular flight was special, i had a red eye (B6-916)from SFO to JFK on a Friday evening afterwork, fortunately i have been able to finish my work before time and headed to SFO, hoping"
Smooth & Friendly,"The trip was Drama Free, Staff Was Very Professional Yet personal and Friendly, I really enjoy Flying Jet Blue!"
"Ontime, Classy, helpful and intelligent Staff!",Excellent Service; from reservation to flight crew!. I don't know why I didn't use them initially. The flight was on time. Fee was reasonable especially for last minute trip. The flight was smooth and most of all the crew and staff was excellent.
Girls Christmas trip,Great flight. We sat in Even More Space. Our flight attendant was great. The flight was on time. Highly recommend even more space. You have access to overhead bin and more room for your legs.
JetBlue is the way to go,"Great service from the desk at the gate, to the flight attendants. Roomy seats, on time flights. Friendly flight attendants."
JetBlue is a great airline,JetBlue is a great airline to use for flights. The price was very competitive and the seats were comfortable. They also have a variety of entertainment options for free and their snacks are different and you can have more than one! I use their message updates which kept me
"Once burnt, twice shy","I was not able to check in online and got the message to check in at the airport. This seemed odd as I was able to check in my travel companion, and I had no issues checking in when I left FLL. Ordinarily, this would not have been cause for alarm. However, on the arrival"
"JetBlue Flight 404 December 28,2018",I've taken a number of flights between Boston and Atlanta and usually fly JetBlue. I bought the extra space seat so boarding was a breeze. The flight crew was great; very friendly. The plane was clean. The flight offers TV and WiFi.
very good ticket price and nice plane crews,"excellent ticket price on market, plenty of room, free Wi-Fi, movies, etc. Plane crews services are exceptional, on time flight."
Pilot made all the difference,Tom our pilot came out at the beginning of our flight to address the cabin. His pleasant tone and genuine nature made for an enjoyable flight. I haven't experienced that in years. As we disembarked he and his crew were at the door thanking us.
Going to Turks and Caicos from JFK,"Going to Turks was great - boarded early and left on time. However, coming home 12/26 for 2;38jpm flight, you guessed it - hour late and airline in Providenciales consists of one room with candy stands that charge $3 for bottled water and $4 for small Pelligrino. Ugh. No food"
Delay of flight between Las Vegas and Long Beach,"Bought a LA frankfurt ticket with condor / JetBlue combination , will not recommend this to others . These so called partner airlines are not coordinated at all , you will not be able to get onward boarding pass for other legs ....from LGB around Frankfurt I had to wait for 2+"
"Loved free wi-fi, Hated delays","Plenty of room (we didn't pay for the Even More Room seats), free wi-fi, movies, radio. We brought our headphones but they also sell them. Flight attendants helpful and friendly, snacks were good. We were very delayed going and a little delayed coming back. Oh well, it was"
Even more space is affordable luxury . . .,"As a tall traveler, I value space. JetBlue's Even More Space was perfect for my needs. I even got lucky and had a seat open next to me for the red-eye. Expedited security and early boarding were nice. But the on-time flights really sold me. Great experience. Would fly again!"
My preferred airline,"I always fly JetBlue whenever I can. They are always very accommodating, and for the most part leave and arrive as scheduled."
Non-Stop to JFK,The flight arrived late to the boarding gate. The flight attendant did not speak English well and we could not understand what she was saying before boarding. The flight departed rather late and there was not enough above storage for the flyers. I was not affected because I had
Very Good,Non Stop Flight to Orlando. Departed on time and arrived a few minutes early. Very good experience and I will continue to fly JetBlue!
Vacation/Jet Blue complaint,"I booked two travel packages with Jet Blue. The trip was horrible. I paid $835.00 for myself and $756.00 for my daughter. Jet Blue offered each of us a $25.00 credit towards our next trip . I enjoy flying with them, but that is insulting. I told them that I was insulted and they"
Best domestic airline in the US,"Clean planes, great service, and best rewards program I've seen on a domestic airline. If you are a hardcore loyalist to an international airline like Delta or, for some reason, any other International US airline, then it might make sense to continue using them for domestic"
Love 'em,"I fly Jet Blue when I can, especially for longer flights mainly because I appreciate that the seats in economy have reasonable leg room without having to buy ""extra space."" I also find the staff friendlier than on other airlines."
Great flights,"Our first time using JetBlue to go anywhere. We had very good flights, plenty of leg room, had the option to listen to radio, watch a free movie, play games, just needed headphones but if you didn’ have any the sold them. The flight attendant s where very helpful.and very"
Delays,Both our flights was delayed and it was freezing cold on the plain. They charge you $5 for a blanket! Food was not good either...
Non-stop to Austin Texas flight 795,Another good experience on JetBlue. We flew on a Thursday from NY JFK to Austin Texas. We paid for the Even More Room seats - overall a very comfortable flight. Congestion at JFK caused a delay but most of the time was made up in flight. Ended up about 10 minutes late but no
It all went smoothly - good experience,"Every employee we had contact with was so very nice and helpful. Planes are relatively comfortable, more leg room than other major airlines, free snacks throughout the flight."
Love the non-stop from Cancun to Boston,"whenever we travel to Mexico, specifically in/out of Cancun, we love having a direct flight. Many time we will fly Southwest down and return on JetBlue because of the non-stop return flight. We have had delays getting through customs which has made us miss connecting flights so"
"Again, it is that 1"" of leg room","You do not need comfort economy on Jet Blue, they have that 1"" extra leg room in regular economy. It makes so much difference. To/from Fort Myers with 2 good flight crews that really can help make traveling a nicer experience. Ground crew gave plenty of information at the gate."
"Direct, Shortest Travel Time!","We actually did ABQ to JFK to BOS, then BOS to NWK, then JFK back to ABQ all on JetBlue at a better price then any other airline. The ABQ to JFK is an overnighter with the shortest flying time and no stops or plane changes. If you can sleep on a plane it's the way to go! "
Convenient Flight (When It’s On Time),This is a great route when the flight is more or less on time (about 3/4 of the time based on our experience). The service is typical JetBlue—meaning it ranges from pretty good to great depending on the crew. The bottom line though is that you ultimately get where you’re headed.
As easy as they come,"We went down early on a Sunday, a week before Christmas and came back the 21st. The flights were very easy and the times were great. We got to both airports about 2 hours ahead of the flight time and even have to go the Kiosk in New York, we easily made both flights. We even had"
We really like JetBlue!,Our outward flight on Christmas Day was full but left on time and the plane was very roomy and comfortable with a free soft drink and small snack served. Our return flight on 29th December was also exactly on time despite the bad weather in the NY area. The plane was smaller
The Best In The Air,"Booked full flight, so we were asked if anyone would volunteer checking their bags. We did- FREE. Cordial staff at gate in Savannah, friendliest attendants in air and always a plus with JetBlue-streaming free TV. Relaxed, enjoyed little snacks and reached NYC one half hour ahead"
Great Airline,"I really enjoy flying with Jet Blue. The tickets are reasonably priced, customer service is great, and the in flight entertainment is convenient. I only wish they had the first checked bag cost less or even free."
I ONLY fly JetBlue!,"I fly frequently (8 to12 times per year) but I only fly Jetblue. They never overbook, the planes are clean, they are almost always on time, the staff is great and it doesn't hurt that they offer free movies, snacks, tv and beverages. They are very good about announcing any"
Very Good,The service provided by this company is the best of any U S airline. Seating is the mos spacious. Facilites at Fort Lauderdale are horrible but this applies to all airlines
Surprised,"I fly JetBlue whenever possible for many reasons. But this time, unbeknown to me, they changed their boarding procedure. Now they board by a system that boards people sitting by the window first and on the aisle last. I was not aware and curious about the notation on my boarding"
Best flying experience and amenities for longer flights,Jet Blue has the best economy seating and amenities of ant of the low fare carriers. Can’t beat the direct TV entertainment and the snacks are very good. You have to shop for decent fares but deals can be had.
Unwilling to assist,"We checked in and noticed that they did not put our TSA redress number on our tickets. We asked them to check again, and we're willing to pull it up on our phones to show our records for TSA pre-check as well as the redress number assigned to myself and my wife. They refused"
Going to Dallas,"JetBlue airlines worth every penny...free in flight wifi, movies, TV. I just love them. The crew was awesome and the landing both times very smooth. If you can get their Barclay credit card and ear. Free t Flight tickets. I have flown twice in one year free me and my daughter"
Untrustworthy airline,Got to airport only to discover we had a 4hour wait. Staff said problem not at JFK but at LAX in Los Angeles. Checked weather in LA: no problem. So where's the plane? We waste 4 hours at JFK and know we'll face terrible traffic in LA. Talking to a friend she tells me the
California Adventure,"JetBlue is one of my airlines of choice. It is very comfortable in economy and, the flight attendants are very nice. They provide snacks and beverages and you can buy lite meals or bring your own. Good value. Entertainment is also provided with Screens for each seat."
Mint is truly first class,"Flying Mint is just like first class used to be - classy, comfortable and staffed with professionals eager to make it a great trip. The food was good, the seat that shifted into a comfortable recliner (adjustable pressure, lumbar support and even massage!) and a lie flat bed"
Great domestic airline,"When so many of the major airlines are cutting back on service, JetBlue stands out in quality. The seats are comfortable, free music or shows while still having the option to purchase latest movies or shows. They serve snacks (not mere nuts or pretzels) and full soda cans. In"
On time at Christmas - despite landing in the middle of an ice storm!!!!,"Almost full flight, loaded quickly, and we left on time. As we were leaving the co-captain announced that it was 25 degrees and freezing rain in Worcester. A lot of other airlines would have just canceled the flight, I am sure. We arrived in the area on time, and despite the"
"No surprises on Blue, you get your seat.","Flew from Orlando to JFK to Burlington. All connections and service from all the Blue employees were terrific. Enjoyed my bags being first off the plane at Burlington, lAy over a JFK was reasonable and time for a snack at there beautiful gate. Inflight service is always"
GOOD DIRECT FLIGHT FROM JFK TO HAVANA,"flight left about 1 hour late, but was otherwise a good one. coming back it was right on time.the only real negative was its arrival terminal at jfk. its huge and signs are not clear. i only wanted to get a taxi and was walking and walking trying to find my way. even people who"
Flight arrived early,"We bought upgraded tickets to get more leg space, early boarding, a checked bag, and to sit in the front of the plane. Nice stewardess. Pilot did not not talk unneccesarily. Got in early. But it took a while for our luggage to get to the baggage claim as one of our bags was"
Rude,"This occurred on December 15, 2017 from Aruba to JFK the 5:15 pm flight. I always fly Jet Blue, but from the minute we boarded the plane we were greeted by a flight attendant named Renee, He’s was condescending, rude & abrupt. He was rude to the passengers boarding the plane. He"
From Security at FLL to the landing in Barbados a very bad service,"From the security, where a sac with our jackets were rejected (In a sac to avoid dirt at the convayor belt in security), through the check-in to the reception at the aircraft, where we had bought the ""more comfort"" option, it was an awfull experience. We have flown 4 times"
SLOW WHEEL CHAIR,We paid for the bags on line and did not get the discount. Waited at the ticket counter for the wheel chair for my wife 10 min. and gave up VERY POOR ALSO IT WAS NOT BUSY.
A little Humor is good!,"Returning from over a week in Jamaica, returning home was made easy by our male attendant with a slight accent and a sense of humor (I did not get his name). The weather was bad returning to NY. After a safe fight and landing, we had to sit on the tarmac for almost two hours"
The Last Holdout to the Sellout,"I still fly a lot even though it's not fun anymore. Believe me, I should know, I spent ten years as a Flight Service Manager for Continental Airlines back when flying wasn't a degrading experience. All of the major carriers have sold out now, trading good customer service for"
Larger seating space in ecomony,"The economy legroom seating was adequate on our original flights Phoenix to Buffalo for a few days and then on to Boston. However, the smaller A320 aircraft seats on those flights were unforgivingly hard so we upgraded to exit seating for the flight home also because I'm very"
Speedy/Easy,"Really easy and quick service, would recommend Jet blue to anyone looking for a quick hassle free flight!"
Outstanding Direct Flight!,"JetBlue has really stepped it up with direct flights to FLL from RIC! Otherwise, we would have been stuck in ATL the day the power went out. Just a great option all the way around. I would rather drive longer to the airport and fly JetBlue than have to go on other airline"
Roger,"Very good for an economy airline. On time, wide leather seats. Pleasant staff and ground crew. Free movies, but bring your own earbuds."
Worst flight experience ever!,I have never been treated so badly or have been confronted with such an offensive check in team and flight crew as on my recent JetBlue flight. My father had recently died in a car crash and I was returning to NY from an emergency trip for the funeral in California. The check
Flying unafraid,"Very smooth sailing..Captain kept us up to date on a regular basis. Snacks served was average as it was a short flight, entertainment..well same as most flights."
Pre Christmas Flights,Spent a week in the Caribbean relaxing before the Christmas rush. The trip down was uneventful and pleasant. There was a minor equipment glitch with the audio at my seat which was more than made up by the superior legroom - I'm 6 ft tall - and the empty middle seat which
Good flights.,"The flights to and from the Bahamas were good. The staff are friendly. You get snacks, cookies or crackers. The cookies are not good at all. You also get a small bottle of water for free. The only problem I had was with the carry on bag problem, they didn't ask people to"
"Even More Space has shrunk a bit, but still good","We generally like JetBlue and still do. The Even More Space option is basically where you pay for a bit more room, like Economy Plus on some other airlines. However, their version is a bit more comfy, even though clearly the Even More Space seats have narrowed a bit, sadly. "
Many delays because of weather.,"Although the weather before and during our flight just before Christmas was challenging for everyone, JetBlue and it’s employees did their best to keep the people informed as to what was happening and we even received a bit of banked cash for our next flight on their airline."
Christmas redeye,"Expected the very worst in delays, crowding and argle-bargle. The crew and equipment were capable and the trip went very smoothly indeed."
Red eye to Fort Lauderdale,We took this flight into Fort Lauderdale in preperation for a cruise that left the same day. the flight was late arriving into Salt Lake City as it was a turn around flight. But the piolt made up any lost time going to Fort Lauderdale. They provided ear plugs and eye mask so
Great budget airline,Jetblue is always a great airline that offers many extras that other airlines charge for. The planes are usually clean and in good shape. This plane while clean looks like it could have used a fresh update. On complaint I have is that like most airlines even know you pay
Good boring flight,We took the 9:15 redeye to JFK. The plane was a late landing but they turned it quick and we left 10 minutes late. We landed about 10 minutes late as well. The plane we older but was fine. LGB is very easy to get in and out of.
"excellent airline. clean, SAFE, agreeable staff, excellent seats","late flight from Sacramento ( 11 p.m.) to JFK arrival at 8 a.m. comfortable trip with good seats and agreeable staff. great for business and good taxi services available. We use this airline every time, that we can."
Awesome Airline,"We had a party of 6 flying home from Aruba 12/21 and were able to enjoy our own separate new release movies. In addition they allowed us passengers to help ourselves to snacks and beverages throughout the entire flight. The plane was brand new, comfortable, relaxed, by far our"
no entertainment,"Flight delayed more than an hour. They needed a new crew. entertainment TV was bad it can be. Home alone, spanish logan lucky and one other movie were the selections. I must admit leg room was best. Snacks were stale. Another good point is they are accepting large luggage as"
Amazing Crew!,The crew on these flights from FLL to Cancun and reverse are great. I believe the crew is based in NYC. One of the best I have ever experienced.
OK Flight,We were 4 adults plus 1 child-3 years as a group. All were allotted middle seats including child in different rows. With great persuasion one middle seat of mother was changed to AISLE seat for child comfort. The service was OK and free snacks service & drinks was limited.
Consistently reasonable airline. Better than most I think,"I have been flying JB consistently around 15 years now. The planes used to be newer, new clean seats, working TVs. Better food. Planes flew fast years ago, then slowed to a crawl during the high oil prices, now they are fast again. Change fees have tripled. The increase in"
WHY are their gate people so discourteous?,"For the second year in a row I have encountered rude gate attendants with this airline. Why do I fly them? Because they are cheap and I am hopelessly optimistic that they will have corrected issues at their gates. I checked in, was given a boarding pass and directed to Gate 7."
Great airline,"On time Great staff Great fare rates Great snacks Planes are clean, very new and have free television. Checking in and communication by pilot was great. Customs was not bad at all"
Becoming my goto airline,"All smooth, easy, professional. There was the issue of a full flight so several (25) people were asked to check carryons. This isn’t the airline’s doing, it’s self centered travelers, of course, however airlines in general could start enforcing carryon sizes and numbers. The"
Waaayyyy better than Southwest,"Oh my gosh! Newer planes, easier check in process, high quality snacks, excellent customer service, in flight tv, more leg room, more elbow room, cleaner newer planes, I can keep going.........my FAVORITE airline to fly!! Keep up the good work JetBlue!!"
incredible,"to begin i was sitting in a row with a couple and they had a baby on their lap. i asked them if they wanted to put baby in my seat and ask the flight attendant to move me. they upgraded me to front row at no charge. jetblue seats are wider then most economy seats , great"
Easy flight from Boston to Richmond,"We try to do direct flights and spent the night at Logan for a morning departure from Boston. Check in and security were easy, the flight was on time and our seats were comfortable with in flight entertainment. Luggage arrived in a reasonable time."
good,It was a good butt he lay over was long. I did not like the fact there was no working in flight entertainment. It took a while before we left and landed but luckily my gate was right there.
Terrible customer service!!!,"Terrible service!!!! We expected a nice flight with no problems until we found out that our luggage was delayed and was left in New York. No apology or form of remedy was offered and when we called to inquire the representative was snarky,rude and no help whatsoever. We also"
definitely better than most coach airlines,First time on Jetblue and it stacks up better than any other economy airline. Friendly staff from check-in to arrival. Post arrival luggage delivery in Barbados was abysmal-over an hour for our bags which came in fits and starts. Not other aircraft had recently arrived. Seat
Disgusted and Dissatisfied,"After waiting for over an hour to check in my bags, I was finally told that the flight would be departing on time. Upon arrival at the Gate, I was told that there would be a delay as the flight was late in arriving from its Washington destination. After an hour again the"
Great airline,"We were surprisingly happy with Jet Blue. The seats are very comfortable, redline a little with plenty of legroom. Staff was very courteous, full size snack options. One of the top airlines we have flown on."
Why Priority Check-in.,"My daughter is a teacher and for winter break I treated her and her husband in joining me for a trip to New York. When my cousin cancelled, I upgraded our seats so as to sit together in one row. It cost me $270 additional dollars because the only trio seats available were those"
Now allowed to check-in,"I was scheduled to fly FLL-JFK-DXB-CPT. The originating flight on JetBlue connected with Emirates at JFK. The reservation system did not permit me to check-in or generate a boarding pass in advance. Nor would the kiosk at FLL. After waiting in line, I was eventually advised"
My favorite airline!,"What do I like / love about jetBlue? Always on time, clean aircraft, very friendly crew, great snacks. And always a great value."
Better than other airlines,"JetBlue isn’t perfect but it has some really nice perks. I love the free wi-if, the ease of boarding and the selection of snacks. I also like the way they take the drink orders before going to get the drinks. It makes it easier to get up and go the bathroom. They keep the planes"
A step up from Air Canada,Decided to skip Toronto Airport and all the hassles that go along with it and fly out of Buffalo. I've never flown with JetBlue but I thought it was worth a try. I can say from the airport to the service at JetBlue I couldn't have been happier. I will absolutely book with them
Needed assistance due to injuries.,JetBlue provided superior service. Provided wheel chairs and special seating on both fights. One phone call and everything was set.
Great flight,"We bought on JetBlue the extra leg room seats and were very happy. Even though the flight was full the service was fantastic. They gave out beverages, snacks and sold pillows, blankets and headsets. The flight left on time and we had good winds so we were supposed to land 20"
Great airline!,Great as always! Price for ticket was absolutely cheap!Service like always was amazing! Free refreshments and snacks.
Regular on-time flight,We fly regularly with JetBlue and seem to be an easy flight. Especially like the Movie in flight. Choice of snacks is nice.
Love JetBlue!,This is my second trip to Cuba. JetBlue quick service from checking in to return is flawless. The flights are not full with plenty of room. I also commend JetBlue for not allowing politics get in the way. The Cuban people are amazing and warm. Thank you jetblue for not believing
Fly to Boston,I always fly JetBlue to visit my daughter and grandchildren in Boston. It's a little over two and a half hours non-stop. All my flights have been on time except once. Pleasant flight attendants everything goes smoothly. Flights always packed with visitors to Disney on return
good flight,"Great airlines, they have in-flight entertainment, snacks, water and nice service. The only drawback is Boston is crowded and parking is at a premium."
reasonable service on an early morning Boston to BWI flight,"Business required to take this 06:15 AM flight from Boston to BWI. All the check-in steps were done on line and went without problems; an advance when you're still half asleep. This early morning flight was only about 2/3 full, so I was able to have an empty seat next to my"
The crew is bvery courteous and very professional.,Seat very comfortable. Staff very courteous. They willing to help and since there was space in the more comfortable section they did not hesitate in moving us.
"To PR and return in Dec 2017, a couple of months after huricanne Irma","I am sometimes on the fence about JetBlue, for reasons I can't identify, but we recently booked flights to and from San Juan, PR and Ft Lauderdale and I have to say they own this route. The have such a strong presence in both airports and the process of manganging passengers"
"Easy going, and comfy - with ""Extra Space""","Unfortunately, reviewers cannot accurately describe the seating classes here because there is no ""first class"" and there's no way to indicate what JetBlue *does* offer, which is ""extra space"" (premium legroom) seats at an extra cost ($50 on this trip). The airline itself, from"
Smooth cruising to Florida - economy and quality,It was our first time on JetBlue. We were pleasantly surprised with the size and comfort of the leather seats in basic economy. And surprised at being able to watch live TV and use the plane’s WiFi. The snacks and beverages were good. The staff were attentive and pleasant.
Yikes!,The JetBlue terminal was absolute insanity. This was 4 days post-Thanksgiving so the holiday traffic was pretty much moved out but there was chaos. Yes the seat area seemed to have more room than other Econo classes on other airlines. Snacks were slightly lower priced as the
Our favorite airline!,"Once again, my husband and I traveled domestically on Jet Blue. This airline is consistently on time and we even arrived at our Boston destination 30 minutes early. How Jet Blue manages to accomplish quick and easy boarding is beyond me. Every other airline seems to have a"
JetBlue need service improvement in Cancun,"Our trip from Ft Lauderdale to Cancun was short and smooth, but trip back, week later from Cancun to Florida was a night-mare. Terminal was change three times, time of departure was change two times, air port officials were very unhelpful and unfriendly with no organization"
WARNING - Jetblue Vacation Packages,"Hello: If you have seen recently, I wrote a very good review about Jetblue. Well, I am writing another review as a warning for those who are interested in purchasing a Jetblue Vacations package. I must express my disappointment and outrage for a matter that went on today. I"
Broken Back,I was in a terrible car accident and to travel to New York to recover. I took the redeye JetBlue to NY and couldn’t have had a better trip. They had a wheelchair at both ends and took very good care of me.
Great flight from Boston to San Francisco on JetBlue,"Flying on JetBlue from Boston to San Francisco was a great experience. We checked in online the day before the flight. TSA screening was hassle-free, and boarding and departure were on time. We had comfortable extra space seats near the front of the cabin. Extra space was"
True Blue member,"I love Jet Blue, I did 3 flights with them in one week and I can said anything that I find like. Free movies, free snacks, soda and water. The staff are so great I can't wait for my next vacation I am using Jet Blue again."
Going Home,"My recent JetBlue flight # 184 was a very smooth comfortable flight. I paid for the extra leg room, which was a first for me, due to switching flights from Sat to Sun due to the storm in Boston. I was seated in Row 1 which meant 1st one off. The Crew was very friendly as usual."
best economy flights,Outbound was delayed because of necessary de-icing but most of the time was made up. Inbound to Buffalo was on time - both flights comfortable with plenty of legroom. Best value for this route.
Jet blue service.,"My first time using jet blue airways and was pleasantly surprised by the good service and quality of aircraft. Time of flight was perfect and in and out of both airports was quick. I'd heard horror stories about Newark but my time checking in was fine,and getting out was no"
Surprisingly good flights,"I hate flying. I hate the TSA. When I have to travel by air, I dread it like a root canal. So my expectations were very low when I flew JetBlue for the first time. Getting my boarding passes was relatively easy - off to a good start. When I checked my bag at the airport,"
I travel on JetBlue extensively I am a JetBlue frequent flyer member,I retired and reside in the Caribbeans for the last 10 years and I have used JetBlue between 2008 and 2017 September at least 27 times the service is always professional and courteous and I've been very happy with it
Great experience,"I have flown numerous airlines n always thought I would stick with the top 3 us airlines them as my airline of choice but ill have to say jey blue is amazing. With my flight to fort Lauderdale from Philly today, the 21st of December my wife and I had a fantastic experience with"
The Good (Most) and the Bad (Minor),"We returned home on Jet Blue because they offered non-stop service from JFK to San Diego at a competitive fare. What jetBlue advertises is what we experienced for the most part: The Good: Great website and app, both easy to navigate, very efficient check-in kiosks and luggage"
bag fee,"TSA made me check a small drill. I have had a jetblue credit card for 5 years, had been told it gave me a free bag. Turns out, the card I have does not have this. JetBlue would not waive the fee (small box). so, loyal customer, 1st time ever checking a bag, had been lied to"
best US domestic carrier..,"this is the best US domestic airline i have ever been. from leg space, free movies, free directv, friendly staff, touch screen entertainment system, free unlimited snacks, drinks. their business class looks really nice too. the seats lie flat. i used to fly for work a while"
Nice trip,Jet Blue was the only American carrier flying non-stop to Cancun. Their boarding procedures are very orderly and the flight took off on time and arrived early. Good service on board and a very quick 80 minute flight.
Flying to Costa Rica,I have been flying with JetBlue since the beginning when they started their business but that departing day was a nightmare. We were supposed to depart at 10:20 am and somehow they let us go inside and then they reported a malfunction with the plane so we were stuck in the
Non stop from Boston to Jamaica,Great flight! On time and both legs had awesome flight crews. Plenty of space for legs even in the normal seats.
Great Experience and Big Upgrade from Spirit,"Just return from business trip to Vegas, past couple of times was booked on Spirit and I dreaded going back. This time around booked with Jetblue, been many years since last fight with them....WOW, what a surprise! Much has changed, what an upgrade. Seats were comfortable, crew"
Seamless travel to Cancun from JFK,"Great flight experience. Planes with extra legroom. Very pleasant flight crew. Arrived early on both initial flight as well as return. Price was about 15% less than the other major carriers I checked. Baggage came out quickly on both ends. Will definitely fly again. "
"More great service industry folks in their field,","Later flight, 9:20 pm arriving @ 1:00am, was so happy to see perky staff. Engaging conversation, attentive & noticeable that she (Kerri) not only was great at her job, but like coming to work. I am in the Service Industry. Too many Bad reviews. Not enough folks take the time to"
First disappointing experience on Jetblue,"I have been flying Jetblue for years, and have found it to be one of the best airlines, However I recently flew Jetblue on the day prior to thanksgiving to NY and found the flight very unpleasant. It appeared to me that they may have made their seats smaller. I was sitting next"
Nice Flight,My family and I flew JetBlue as a connection flight from Charlotte to Boston. The customer service at the terminal and on the plane was great. The flight arrived on time and the in-flight entertainment occupied my family of four throughout the flight. We will definitely fly
Reliable and pleasant,"Jetblue never fails to create a calm and enjoyable flight. Friendly staff, great selection of beverages and snacks. The best part? In-flight wi-fi makes the flights quick. Also, pilot's landing always smooth !"
Nice flight,"It was a nice flight. Crew aws happy to be on board, very friendly. The inflight entertainmnet was fine, a little glitchy. Nice snacks."
Trapped,Forget jet blue. Pay a few more dollars and go with a bigger carrier. This airline cancelled my flight then put me on another ... for the NEXT day. One and a half days of a four day trip spent in airport. Didn't get compensated for night of hotel lost. Very upsetting.
a Good Fly,"I think it's an excellent airline, I recommend getting to the airport early. The personnel is very friendly."
West coast to East Coast,Great way to travel across country! Large seats and very good leg room. Plenty of snacks and sodas and a tv at every seat This is what a plane trip should be like!
Budget airline with first class service.,"Flying JetBlue is a really nice experience, just only because they offer for free what other airlines would charge you 10€ (or even more). The WiFi is completely free and the speed is fast, they also offer a list of free drinks and snacks, the coffee is from Dunkin Doughnuts and"
The Better Airline 2,"The return flight home was very good. We arrived 30 minutes ahead of schedule. the crew were very professional, respectful & courteous. Jet Blue really offers a reasonable ticket pricing & direct flights."
The Better Airline,We flew with JetBlue direct flight from JFK to Nassau in the Bahamas. Flight left on time and got to the final destination about 20 minutes earlier. We were pleasantly surprised that there was a free internet on board. We were very disappointed with the service from the
Great flight,Red eye to New York was quick and comfortable. Crew members were friendly. It was worth paying extra for the even more space seat.
FT Lauderdale to NYC,"Flight was delayed by 2-3hrs. I really was not looking forward to going back to the cold so I was not too bothered by the delay. The price for the flight was great. The service I also found to be fantastic (friendly smiles, helpful, knowledgeable and handled difficult"
Top U.S. Domestic Flying,"After so many inferior domestic flights, I now opt for flying Southwest or JetBlue, depending on the location and price. I've flown JetBlue a number of times, usually the red-eye to JFK or a night flight to Boston when traveling overseas. Three major Middle Eastern airlines"
Nice flight and free WiFi,I flew with JetBlue direct flight from JFK to Cartagena. Flight left on time and got to the final destination about 15 mins earlier. I was pleasantly surprised that there was a free WiFi onboard however I was able to connect only while flying over US territory. Complimentary
Best service now days,"I have traveled on AA for more than 20 years and now I have the pleasure of flying Jetblue, the Service the seats, the price and customer service has exceeded my expectations "
Impressive,"This was my first trip with JetBlue. I am now a fan for life. The courtesy, kindness and professionalism of EVERY customer service representatives (Las Vegas, Ft Lauderdale and Montego Bay) was unmatched by any other airline! Thank you. They were kind they were considerate and"
relaxing time,"Most of the time i fly with JetBlue, the flight attendants are always helpful, the only problem i found this time is that there was a dog inside, people didn't complaint but nobody was happy, for the rest everything was okay we arrive on time and the internet was perfect."
Worth a second shot,I am willing to give JetBlue a second chance. Our flight from NYC to Bridgetown was packed like Sardines. The crew was getting irate due to passengers demands and so on. Perhaps a more rested crew would have helped. Perhaps a friendlier crew. Willing to give JB a second
Execelnt Air Line,I always fly with JetBlue. Direct flights are a no-brainer. The flight attendants are very helpful and always on time with your requests. Airline always provides latest movies which makes flight seem really short.
Terrible experience,"My complaint is about our boarding experience on Dec 13th, 2017 for flight 2079. The flight time for that time was 4:54 pm and door closes 4:34 pm. The complaint is the following: We have arrived at the gate at 4:30 pm We were waiting in the line behind the person That person"
Friendly service and I always enjoy flying with JetBlue.,I always travel with JetBlue. I find the service commendable. Everyone has always been polite and courteous. We get what you pay for.
JET BLUE & HAWAIIAN AIRLINES,My wife and I traveled to Hawaii in 1987 for our honeymoon. We made a pledge to go back on our 30th anniversary (second honeymoon). We booked a trip on Jet Blue website and paid Jet Blue of our tickets. The flight and tickets were actually on Hawaiian Airlines who we learned to
VERY GOOD,"I think this airline is just fine. Sometimes it may get delayed but hey most airline get delayed too. Cheap fly prices. Crew member are nice (even tho sometimes some of them may be a bad day, we all go thru that sometimes). I travel with jet blue."
Steerage travel but acceptable.,"Usual Jetblue travel. Planes (A320) are starting to show their age as are the TV systems. WiFi is still better than the boingo crap and is free. Yes, that makes a difference in carrier selection. If you're going to bare bones elements of a flight, at least make connectivity free."
Unhelpful,"I missed one of my flights and was in a stressed out, teary state. All I wanted was some sympathy and help. The staff are very lax and unhelpful. I’m rather disappointed!"
Feels so good to fly with JetBlue,"I flew with 3 children, so there were 5 of us total. We booked well in advance and got a really good deal with JetBlue. What a pleasure to fly with this airline. Firstly they had a great process for buying tickets, have a good rewards program, and even notified me 2 months in"
Amazing staff!,"I have used JetBlue before, and everyone is always very friendly. Today they went above and beyond to make sure that my trip is with as much convenience as they can manage. Even though my connecting flight is with another airline they took their time to check my luggage and make"
Efficient and friendly service,"This was one-way of a round-trip flight to Washington, DC for a yearly conference of the National Legal Aid and Defender Association. I flew back four days later, flight number 654, back to Boston. In both airports, traveling Boston to Washington DC, I was offered a wheelchair"
Making Flying Fun Again,"To quote an old Ad...You've tried the rest now try the Best. Jet Blue is the Only Way to Fly...I love the ease of making reservations, Customer Service is outstanding, I love that each seat has a Media Screen, the legroom on economy is Amazing. And the cost, ask me about the"
Better then average,"Set in ""even more leg-room. Indeed it was. but seats were uncomfortable. Even though this was a 5 hours flight ,the rudimentary service was rushed and not courteous. Arrived at JFK exactly on time."
Great... but,"The flight and the crew were fabulous. The only issue is no screens. It was an older plane and the ash trays were a giveaway. The screen technology was non existent and could not recharge any devices. Otherwise, a smooth trip."
"Cant beat their service, attentiveness and price.","I have flown with JetBlue a number of times and have had excellent service, on time arrivals and attention at gate and luggage claim. Their pricing is very competitive, so what else can you ask for."
Smooth Flying!,"We always enjoy flying Jet Blue, from the very comfortable seats with good leg room and your personal TV, to the friendly flight attendants, complimentary drinks and snacks. A bit more expensive than other airlines but much better quality."
Good flight,"This was my first time on jetBlue and it was a good flight. Certainly air travel isn't what it used to be, but jetBlue was a bit better than most. The availability of movies and such was nice, although given it was a red-eye I didn't really take advantage of it. They boast"
Bah Humbug!,"I tried to help a clearly demented older gentleman traveling alone. I helped him at check-in as he was confused behind me. At the gate, I was loudly (embarrassingly) stopped be an unkind gate agent who did not let me board with this nice older gentleman at the end of the line"
i have never been let down on jet blue,i love jet blue. i have never ever had complaints or anything bad to say they are very accomodating. not rude very polite and compassionate
Always the way to go!!!,"JetBlue now flies JFK non-stop to Grenada. Only other way to get there is to take AA through MIA. When flying from NY to any of the caribbean, Jetblue is the way to go!!"
Fly Blue!!!!,"Best Airline for me Purchase tickets with even more room,I love it Even more speed it works especially in MCO they where back up in the TSA line was at least an hour took me about 6 minutes with the even more speed,just great service I highly recommended!!!!!"
Flying with JetBlue,"my name is Francisco and reservation was fnokvm! I would like to share my terrible experience with jetblue air, must say that I eared very good things before changing my tickets to jetblue air everything start in Miami, 9th of December, 2017 my flight 1053 to san Juan, Puerto"
"Little customer service at gate, tick counter, or on the airplane. I am a retired flight att. and am very aware.","I found noone had customer service skills. I am a retired flight attendent (25 years) so I am very aware of these things. The ticket counter didn't even look at me, the boarding gate person was bored with her day, and flight attendants had absolutely no customer service "
BBB,"In Puerto Rico we says BBB = Bueno, Bonito y Barato (Good, pretty and cheap). They just have to expand destinies from PR."
Awesome Customer Service,I must say that JetBlue is an amazing airlines that went above and beyond the average level of customer service. I cannot go into details at this time but I will say that they were very understanding and compassionate with the situation that I ended up in. I truly appreciate
Enjoy your trip from beginning to end by avoiding this JetBlue.,I had an amazing trip in the Dominican Republic only to be put off a JetBlue flight for speaking up as a flight attendant shouted at an elderly passenger for needing to use the bathroom. I told her she didn't need to embarrass anyone for needing to use the bathroom and she
"Best airline ever. Not the flight, the company in general.","I have been dealing with a mother in a wheelchair & my father her care taker. Dads been in and out of the hospital, currently in ICU, when I called JetBlue to ask to explain,extend, not sure when. I spoke to an saint. He understood completely, he had a similar experience with"
Great airline,"The first flight was delayed by two hours, rescheduled for noon the next day. Everything went off without a hitch. There is a lot of leg room on the aircraft and all snacks are full size. This airline is a must fly again."
Non stop to a good time,"We bucked traffic for an early flight.. Got to the airport , which is a pleasure in and of itself. Went through the unusual swift clearance and since we were early,sat down to wait. Soon we were boarding . The flight took off on time and landed a few minutes early. Our luggage"
Friendly staff and clean planes,"I had a very early morning flight from Orlando to Nassau and although it was 6am, the staff was all smiles, kind and courteous and the plane was very clean. We didn’t leave on time And arrived a bit late, but it didn’t disrupt my schedule and they were apologetic about it"
Flying in the clouds,I fly Jet Blue 5 to 6 times a year. The seats are big with plenty of legroom. All of the attendants are very friendly and delightful! Even the captain says goodbye as you're getting off. They give you many choices of snacks and drinks. On certain flights you can buy lunch.They
Horrible,They closed the gate on my family and five other people approaching. They pulled the retractable gate and made us sit there eight hours for the next flight. We watched the plane sit there for twenty minutes before they pulled out.
Our first time with Jet Blue... but not our last!,"We chose Jet Blue for our vacation to Sanibel Island because the flight was direct to RSW and the price was unbelievably inexpensive ( $166 for each of us) !! Wow, what a deal! We were immediately pleased with all the leg room compared to Delta which we usually book. All of"
On time!,"Flight arrived on time! Check in was quick, attendants were kind. So it was a good flight! I think space between seats are bigger that another Airlines!"
Spanish Speakers,"Traveling home to Florida after an amazing trip in the Dominican Republic was very frustrating. What is with all the 1,000 questions before getting on the plane by JetBlue staff and not even TSA or security. It was very annoying to have to answer or report to about 4 people"
Last minute get away to NYC.,Fantastic. No fuss flight. Easy check in - smooth flight - very pleasant surprise for economy last minute flight.
Great flight and service.....bad seats,"Headed down on a Friday night the day before our cruise left. Getting to Logan was easy and in Fort Lauderdale the hotel was there to pick us up. The flight went very well. The seats down were very uncomfortable, better on the way back. Plenty of room and good service. I"
Always a Decent Flight,"I usually fly Jetblue as I have really no issues with them. Legroom is very good. Seats are not bad, probably better than most airlines. Usually give recent movies. Only thing is if it is a short flight, you only get a snack (pretzels, cookies, chips, etc.). So far, all the"
Simply AMAZING,"As an employee of a competitor airline, I usually try to remain loyal to my own company. However, JetBlue's fares were just to good to be true! $118 roundtrip EWR-MCO-EWR over Thanksgiving! I booked my flights on the easy to use JetBlue website, I realized I booked the wrong"
Tray and Pockets was not clean MCO to JFK Security 1hr 30mins waiting,The flight has a delayed landing by 10 minutes. This lines for security tat MCO airport was very long due to the construction at the airport. The flight did not leave onetime due to this and passengers waiting to clear. The table at my seat had alot of crumbs and snacks paper in
Early bird flight from JFK to MCO no delay,This flight was boarded on time. The flight attendants were smiling and patient with the crying babies on the flight.Smooth clear blue skies and yes my screen was working unlike other trips lol. . We did land 10 minutes prior to the scheduled time.
"Excellent, As Usual",I booked my December 1st flight from Cancun to JFK several months in advance using points. Employee #73525 was exceptionally helpful. Check in was smooth except an issue with my seat assignment. It could have been a misunderstanding. The formalities line was short. Boarding was
Consistent and reliable.,"JetBlue remains the most consistently great airline I have ever used. The team is always polite, always easy to work with, always helpful to make everyone comfortable and have a smooth trip. The aircraft is clean and comfy and the entire team from gate departing to gate"
The only airline I will fly.,Nice flight from Austin to Long Beach. The flight crew was pleasant and no hiccups along the way. It is nice to arrive at a smaller airport. Not hectic at all.
Best airline in the business,You can’t beat the direct flight from Syracuse to Orlando. No layover = more time to enjoy the sunshine state. And as always unlimited complimentary drinks and snacks! Plus having your own TV makes the flight fly by.
Surprised,"My first time with JetBlue. Loved all the snacks and drinks offered, no extra charge. Best, free TV viewing. Had 3 different movies running and regular stations. Was surprised when I was in 2nd from last boarding group, that there was still room for my carryon."
Trip to Philly,"i really love flying on JetBlue. It's not the cheapest airline but for he price and comfort is well worth it. Every flight I have taken and it's been 3 over the last 4 months, I fling the crew is so friendly and helpful, plenty of leg room and wifi actually works. JetBlue is my"
"Waiting, Waiting, Waiting",Was delayed numerous times due to a lighting strike on the incoming aircraft.A new plane was needed as that one was taken out of service. I did call to complain about the person behind the counter who was rude and uncaring. All of us on the flight were given a stipend towards
"Great flight, smoothe, and hostesses were nice.",The Jet blue staff were great from the entrance at the Handicap lines to assistance and on to the waiting area which was great; clean well lighted and the atmosphere was pleasant. Truly a great traveling experience at one of the busiest times Thanksgiving.
Jetblue support staff,"The support staff at JetBlue in N,J are superstars. I need wheelchair assistance, and even though it was crowded and hectic, they were so pleasant. the flight was smooth and the captain kept us informed the whole way."
Who opened my bag??????,I put a zip tie through the zipper pulls on my TUMI luggage. When we got to San Fran the zip tie was snipped and an expensive silk scarf was missing. No note from the TSA that they had inspected the bag. Called JetBlue and they referred me to the TSA . Said they don't open
Once again great service,"Once again, Jet Blue performed great! Took a morning flight from Boston to Fort Lauderdale. Staff was very nice and professional as always. And the movie channels are now free, so I end up watching the Transformers. Love flying with Jetblue within the states."
NYC round trip on time!!,"This is the way travel should be, clean planes, on time schedules,pleasant flight crew and free snacks with a whole can of soda served with NO attitude! Fair pricing and schedules just wish they went more places from Florida. Use them every chance I get."
MINT,"I recently flew Jet Blue Mint Class for the first time and found it to be a very pleasant experience. I have two issues with this class of service, one is the food, its minimal and not very good and although there is plenty of leg room the seats are not that comfortable. Service"
"FANTASTIC, FLAWLESS SERVICE, THANKS!","Great service very professional. Will use Jetblue again. clean, on time, good entertainment options."
This time on time,"Even though this flight was jam packed, it left and arrived on time. Everyone was pleasant and the flight crew was terrific."
Great Flight,"Airline and crew were very nice and professional, seemed like more legroom and comfort then other airlines, each seat had a monitor to watch movies/TV and drink/snack provided. At end of flight a nice warm wet nap provided possibly b/c overnight flight."
No first class makes everyone feel equal,"Gotta say I was very happy with this Flight. Yes they charge more for exit rows, but the regular seats are roomy and comfortable. In addition they have plenty of listening stations as well as individual screens for watching movies. All in all a cut aboive the rest."
The only flight that I prefer,"I love flying with JetBlue. I don't ever have a problem. They have great service. You get your own tv. Sometimes the tv doesn't work, but that is fine. The ticketing counter opens later in the morning and the flights are sometimes earlier, which makes it an inconvenience when"
They Go Beyond What Is Expected of Them,I missed my scheduled flight the agents were so accommadating ensuring that I caught the next available . I was treated with kindness and respect My niece travelled with me this was her first time on jet blue and she was very impressed. My husband and I always flight jet blue
Flying JetBlue,I always love flying JetBlue when it leaves and arrives on time and my luggage arrives intact. This is not always the case but this time it was both going into NY for Thanksgiving and arriving back in Florida. The wheelchair brigade is always interesting and the people pushing
"Leather seats, plenty of leg room, attentive flight attentants",Frequent flyer to Caribbean. My first time using jetBlue as my carrier. Pleasantly surprised from beginning to end.
Flying,United should be ashamed. You can’t compare how different they are. We usually fly with United because Newark is their base and it is convenient. But.... Seats on JetBlue are much roomier and much more comfortable. And stewards are so much friendlier and service was very nice.
Always happy flying JetBlue,"We generally fly once a year to Florida to begin a cruise and one other trip a year. I will reserve on JetBlue for every Florida trip and any other time if they fly where we want to go. The plane in comfortable,(they really do have more room!), staff is friendly, flights are"
"Not Bad, but far from good!","Jet blue is a weird airline, simply because they are not a bargain airline, but aim to act like one in many ways. I have flown with them in several times and my general feeling is that the more time goes by the more benefits they remove from their costumers. No hot food, then"
Nothing to write home about,"Surprised that on a 4 hour flight you only get cookies, crisps and a soft drink. The service is OK, punctuality was excellent and cabin was clean. Not much to ask for."
Lots of Leg Room!,"PROS: The plane had lots of leg room, snacks were delicious and plentiful (good variety), items being sold by the airline were very reasonable, and I enjoyed the live Direct TV. CON: The jetBlue employee leaving from JFK made me get rid of an extra shopping bag I had in my hand"
Flawless Flight,"Another very enjoyable flight on JetBlue, which is my airline of choice. I love the extra leg room option. Flight was early, staff friendly, good movies."
Great,I flew to New York for one night to do some shopping. Sarasota Airport is a lovely Airport. Check in with Jet Blue was quick and easy..no queue! Staff were polite and friendly. Free soft drink and snacks onboard.
trip to vegas,"everything was excellent,did this as a last minute trip and was great. booked friday was in the air on saturday. everyone was very helpfull."
A very good airline,"I have flown between MEX-FLL-MEX 10 times over the last 18 months. JetBlue just continues to provide a very good service at really competitive prices. The flight from MEX to FLL used to leave at 5:45 am, and that was a bit early in my opinion. Now the morning flight leaves at"
My first time traveling with this Airline.,My very first flight using this Airline. It was a pleasant flight. The flight attendants were attentive but not overly so. For an approximately five hour flight. They was plenty of snacks and drinks to stave off hunger until you landed and could have a meal of your choice.
great flight,"On time, great help and assistance for my mother with a wheelchair. Everyone from the gate agents to the flight attendants had great attitudes and were always ready to help. Our departure and return flights were both on time with boarding orderly and expeditious. The pilots made"
The leg room was fantastic and th eDirect TV and internet are free.,First time on JetBlue and we loved it . We will definitely fly with JetBlue when ever possible. Price was right and no issues at all.
"Great service, great price!","Great service, clean aircraft with friendly staff. I had not heard of the airline previously and was hesitant but now I would not hesitate to fly again. Great airline."
always my favorite,plane with the most comfortable seats. always on time. decent on-flight entertainment. food choices ok
Redemption,I was so upset trying to get onto this flight because I had just come off a nightmare flight but fortunately this was one of the few times I was happy that my flight was delayed. I made it on and got one safely.
Flying Nightmare,My flight was originally delayed and then they let us onto the plane and we began to taxi out when they stopped us and made us sit for hours on the tarmac. Then they took us back to the terminal and told everyone if they got off to get food they couldn’t come back. We finally
Painless journey,I love flying out of JAX on JetBlue because they’re flights are so affordable. Had to take a connection this time but the flight was on time so there was no problem getting to my next plane.
High Value,Took a very cheap flight paid mainly for by JetBlue credits. Flight was on time and the crew were courteous.
Excellent Service,"Very good timely service, much better than European cheap carriers, though more expensive 2nd time I travelled JetBlue and will recommend it to everyone"
A++ Customer Service,"I got out of my meeting quite early and got to the airport a few hours before my flight. The gate for the previous flight was currently boarding and the agent at the gate was extremely busy, however, took the time time to process my request to get on the earlier flight. Made"
Nice flight,"Flying from SJC to NY was not that great. I couldn't sleep. The seats don't recline enough. From NY to PR it was ok. From PR to FL was fine, and from FL to SFO was good also. I noticed the 1st class seats turn into beds."
Redeye flight to NYC,"If you don't mind flying at midnight and arriving early morning this is the way to do it. Great flight with comfortable seats, free wifi and much more."
Clean clinical and refreshing,"First time flying Jet Blue and it was pleasant experience. I had a few issues checking in but there was ground staff there to help. They didn't assign my seat until i got to teh boarding gate. I got an excellent seat near the front of the plane. It was a brand new Airbus. "
Bad experience,I was travelling with my wife. In fact we started our journey from India and were proceeding to Phoenix. We had a 4 hour trip from Kochi(India) to Abu Dhabi. Then a 14 hour flight from Abu Dhabi to NY. so we were already tired and exhausted by the time we landed at NY. we were
The nicest flight attendant ever!,"On this flight, my husband, step-son, parents-in-law, and myself were travelling home from a cruise. It was extremely busy in the airport in Fort Lauderdale and our gate got changed, so we had to move down to a different gate. There were not enough seats in the terminal for"
It comes in right below Alaska Air,"The plane was clean, the service great. The seat room was not quite as great, and I think the seats were a little less comfortable than Alaska's. One point as that they were ""slippery""."
ACTUAL LEG ROOM WHO KNEW IT STILL EXISTED,"First of all the price was right, much cheaper than all other flights and a non-stop to boot!! First time flying JetBlue and I was amazed at the leg room. There was actual space between my knees and the seat in front of me and the seat seemed a little wider than usual as well,"
Lower than average.,"You don't want use this airline. No leg room, bad service. We had a flight from Lima to Fort Lauderdale, no free food of course, so bought 2 sandwiches and couldn't eat them. You can't even compare to Delta."
BACK AND FORTH,"Due to my elderly father's illness, I've been flying back and forth to LA from NY. Jet Blue has been outstanding in so far as ease, availability of flights, and price. I couldn't be happier with an airline!"
Fly with me,"It was very easy from the beginning to the end, Easy check-in on line and baggage carry on, Per TSA. I will fly jetBlue again."
JAX to BOS 11/27/17,Love flying out of JAX. It is almost never busy and the people are always friendly. Easy to get thru security. Flight was smooth and on time and the flight attendant who took care of us (wish I could remember his name) was fabulous.
Best leg room in coach have enjoyed in a long time!,"Had delays leaving JFK, and some issues with return flight, but wanted to just share that, for the first time in a long, long time, a plane actually had seats made for adult size people! I could actually sit comfortably and stretch my legs. Having traveled to Europe a few"
BOS to JAX 11/20/17,Fly this route a few times a year and it usually goes fine. This day there was a slight delay leaving Boston but not too bad. Flight was fairly smooth. The only problem was it took much longer than normal in JAX to get our luggage. Didn't time it exactly but it was more than
JETBLUE Westchester NY to Orlando FL,JetBlue offers an easy ride mid afternoon from Westchester airport to Orlando. Perfect way to start the vacation unwind - the kids watch TV and you can review your Disney or Universal daily plan.
Good flight,"We like JetBlue. Quick boarding process. Good service. 10-15 min delay (waiting for plane from JFK), landed ontime"
Lack of Customer Serivce,My husband arrived to the airport early from a meeting (3 hours before flight) and figured he would check in and grab lunch. Sign at check in indicated they are closed from 1:00 - 2:45. Several other passengers have showed up and are extremely upset that they can't check in and
Smooth Travels,I was very pleased with the flight my family and I took. The flight crew was exceptionally kind and hands-on with the customers.
Always Helpful & Even Early Arrivals!!!,"The only class JetBlue has is economy - your upgrade would be in selecting a seat with more leg room and manuverability . The Flight Crew is friendly and very accommodating. The trip to and from Boston usually takes less than 2 1/2 hours - beats at least 14 hrs, by auto,"
August 2017 South from Alaska,"We` have officially scheduled all future flights (when possible) to JetBlue. They have amazing service, much more leg room, and reasonable accommodations. Like I said if possible we will only fly JetBlue from now on - business or pleasure!"
Amazing quality from a LCC,"Amazing leg room, comfortable leather seats and beverages and a snack included on a 60 minute flight. If they flew in the UK they would definitely be my first choice."
Very THANKful!!,How Thankful am I? VERY!!! I love JetBlue airlines. We try to travel with Jetblue whenever possible. Customer service is absolutely great! I have never had an issue with them. This past Thanksgiving we travelled to Newark to attend the Macys Thanksgiving parade and be with
Savannah on my mind,Flight crew was polite and very efficient. We will definitely fly JetBlue again in the future as the opportunity arises.
Next in line after South West!,"One of the best airlines I have ever flown. The check in line and bag drop lines are always long, this is expected but the service is great!. Flight left on time and arrived a bit early. Love the seats and leg room and the flight attendants are always very pleasant. I always get"
always great,I've been flying with JB for over 10yrs now domestically---they've been consistently great--I love this airline
Frequent flyer on JetBlue,"From Check-in to Boarding and the Flight Crew are All consummate professionals. I suggest, upgrading your seat(s) to the larger up-front seating worth the extra cost. The flight attendants are attentive to your needs and the snack selections are pretty good."
Free wi-fi but for these prices I expect an outlet as well. Broken seats!,"The title says it all. Most domestic flights are now offering AC power at the seat, as well as wi-fi. Frankly one without the other isn't necessarily that useful. The wi-fi is free, which is fantastic, but for the JetBlue premium price I expect power as well, and it's only on"
Great in all respects,"The flight was on time leaving Hartford and arriving at Fort Myers, with the added advantage of being non-stop. Boarding was very orderly. The plane was very comfortable and clean, with very good service from friendly and professional fiight attendants. This flight was"
Smooth and comfortable.,"Fm the check in thru security and then the gate, very smooth. Wheelchair svc excdellent efficiente and pleasant personell. Seats very comfortable and wide. Last year in June for 1st time I experienced a delay of 7 hrs (SJU-EWR) They gave us a pretty good tvl credit of"
There is a reason that the JetBlue's logo pattern has a Spotty Pattern!,"On JetBlue again, this time doing the NY to MCO run. This time the experience was much improved. (But this was only a 2.5-hour flight). Seats were more comfortable, service crew was very friendly. Took off 40 minutes late (Typical) because the crew had not arrived from their"
flight to fort lauderdale,great flight there and back comfy seating friendly staff lots of leg room smooth takeoffs and landings
Excellent Services!,"Jet Blue by far is my favorite airline. The crew treat every single costumer with patience and in a very respectful way, other airlines like America, United Airlines and Delta are not that special. In fact, these other airlines are so lost in how to treat a client. I definetly"
Thankfully on-time departures and arrivals this time. I just wish I could count on that!,"I have mixed feelings about JetBlue. Yes, their seats are by far the most comfortable, and their legroom is good. However, I never know what to expect in terms of on-time departures and arrivals. It's either decent or REALLY, REALLY BAD. The not-knowing-what-to-expect makes it"
My trip to Utah,"Decided to try JetBlue for a change....turns out it was a wise choice. Good service to and from Salt lake City. Very pleasant crew and employees. Very much customer oriented, and concerning towards the consumer. Yes I would fly with them again, especially if I had the same"
Love jetBLUE,wish I could fly this airline ALL the time! both flights were on time and staff were courteous. planes were clean and seats are more roomy than other airlines
It was all good ... except,"Jetblue does a great job, its even better that i'm Mosaic. The problem i fine are often the passengers that a clueless, like getting through security or the older woman that tried to push herself in front of me in the aisle ....and i was in the first row !! lol... Airline"
JetBlue was Fabulous,JetBlue is great. Customer Service was fabulous and just a fantastic experience. I purchased the extra leg room - best $65 I have ever spent as it was well worth it. Service at gate in Boston was exceptional. Michael was amazing!!!
Excellent service and no delays,I always enjoy to fly with JetBlue. Best service and space. Free snacks and drinks. Movies and TV. Always have Spanish speaking people.
"Good service, comfortable seats","The service from the counter trough pick up luggage was very good. The seats, even in economy in the back rows are comfortable. You definitely do not feel like sardines like in some of Delta and American flights. Plus the price was competitive. It is an airline to reckon with"
Aruba my favorite Island,The flight and crew were amazing and flight on time as always. I have been traveling with JetBlue for over 15 years and I have never had an Issue with my flights.
Used to be better,"Almost everything about jetblue is perfect: the mobile app, the website, check-in process, terminal, etc... BUT the airplanes. They are no longer new and you can see it. Every flight is full and that eventually take its toll on maintenance. My 'entertainment' system didn't work"
great connection direct from Hartford to Fort Meyers,"Great airline, wonderful staff, on time, no issues. Flew for the first time with 2 year old grandson to a Thanksgiving family get together."
Pure frustration,"Our plane had a malfunction so it was grounded. JetBlue, other than the hotel across the street at my request, did little to remedy the problem. Our flight back was also delayed 2 hours. They are a Disney preferred airline, but I can't imagine why. Use ANYONE else if you can."
Jax Trip - August,Love JetBlue. Quick trip up to Jax that was very smooth and without incident. I try to travel on this airline when possible
Vacation with Friends,"The flight going and coming home was on time, and the airline was clean and friendly. The only thing I would suggest, is they have more flights from Newark, NJ"
Great service,"Very friendly attendants, clean up to date plane with Wi fi and one piece of checked luggage included in fare."
Canine smell,"I pay for extra leg room and book early to get the front rows. This flight had 3 dogs, 1 in my row, 1 in the opposite row and one in the row in front of me. I'm allergic to dogs so this was a painful flight. Beyond the headaches and swelling eyes the plane smelled of dogs. I"
This flight was excelelnt and the flight attendants even went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable.,"Seat, Luggage, Check In .. all were great. Flight was very smooth and nice for most parts but what sold me was the serivce. Well skilled flight attendants that go out of their way to ensure you are comfortable."
Great service & Great Attitudes!,"The JetBlue staff - right from the beginning at check-in - were all smiling, very pleasant and helpful. They made the process quick & easy. Same attitude at the gates - smiling, pleasant staff and some of the announcements were done in an amusing way. Overall great"
Big Love for this airline,"I love Jet Blue!!! I fly this route often and am a Mosaic member. I come in to New York on another early morning flight to catch this connecting flight to the Dominican Republic. At certain times of year the flight times change, and I neglected to check the time, heading to my"
"Nice flight, on time and comfortable","JetBlue did not exist 10 years ago but in 2017, they are a major player in the domestic US and Caribbean routes. I flew JetBlue from Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles on Thursday 2 November 2017. It was a very positive experience. The flight departed and arrived on schedule and the"
Normal for an economic airline,"As usual with Jet blue, the service is acceptable, nothing spectacular. This was a super short flight, less than an hour ."
A nce surprise,"Kind crew, nice planes, on time, did not expect this kind of service and product from a “low cost” airline"
Fll to Mde,"Solid airline. Been having some issues being on time of late. But overall price, comfort and schedule works perfectly for me. I avoid the other budget airline with direct flights to Medellin. For a little bit more you get a lot more in comfort and quality. Furthermore, if you"
Pleasant flight to Aruba,I only fly JetBlue every time I go to Aruba because they offer direct flights. Flights are usually on time and the seats do offer a little more legroom than other airlines. The flight attendants are professional and courteous. Wish JetBlue had not joined the bandwagon of
Solid Service,"Jet Blue is still flying to St. Maarten, even with the airport at reduced service mode thanks to hurricane Irma. The good news is that Jet Blue flys on time, arrives on time, and each seat has a TV, The bad news is that the seats are crammed together, they don't serve food on"
Was unexpected change of depart time.,"Due to Maria Event in Puerto Rico, if you have a reservation prior that hurricane time your schedule can be change without any notification. I was supposed to leave at 7am when I wake up 4am to have the timing and talk with the assistant sorry your flight will be at 12pm, I was"
Plenty of leg room,"Traveled to Texas over the holidays. Since it was a long flight I decided to go First class which offered additional leg room. Having the extra footage was perfect for a long trip. Airport and plane very clean, Wi-Fi along with exceptional service."
Great airline!,"This airline has very clean seats, individual televisions on each seat, pretty decent food and beverage options, great customer service and reasonable prices."
JetBlue saved the day!,"We had booked a flight on JetBlue months ago and we always like to go a day ahead when we are heading out on a cruise. After the hurricane the hotel that we were booked in cancelled due to power issues and we were unable to find another hotel. So we called JetBlue, explained"
Flying like it used to be,"This is more like it - an airline that actually seems to care about those of us in coach class! Clean cabin, free (yes, FREE!) onboard WiFi from gate to gate in addition to personal TVs, and very friendly flight crew. JetBlue makes the whole chore of travel so much better - why"
JetBlue is my current favorite airline!,"I really don't like to fly at all but have to do so often enough. I also fly economy and thus no frills for me. Cross country trips to from SFO to Boston and Washington are common for me which means lots of airtime. Given the options, I think JetBlue is best and the most"
Air travel,"Always ahead of time or on time.. Comfortable seats, easy check in and fast getting off the plane... Friendly people working for the Airline."
Always fly JetBlue,"We have a son with special needs and JetBlue is amazing with him, plus they offer the most non-stops. We recently had to travel due to a death in our family and their customer service was so helpful. They did have a bereavement fare, which helped with the cost. We love"
Better than most,"Out of San Juan this is the better airline flying to the New York area, since American decided not to fly there non-stop. Service at the airport and on board is good. It was a pleasant trip. Good snacks and entertainment. I had an emergency exit seat so leg room was most"
got on an earlier flight,"got to airport early & asked about standby - was able to fly 4 hours earlier it was smooth, able to check carry on so on & off hassle free left on time"
61 anniversary special,"Everything went well from checking in to baggage claim. Seats were very comfortable. We left on time, arrived a few minutes early. I have a problem when flying, but no hassle, they made sure we sat together. Stewardesses remembered us from out last flight in August. Very"
I don't think we will ever be completely happy with airlines but jetblue has always been the best bet for me,"courteous pretty much on time, I usually upgrade to the seats with more leg room and with the great prices to ny and back it's worth it"
"comfortable seats, great service","Online checking and self tagging bags was easy and fast. The airport staff informed us our plane would be arriving late, so our flight would be delayed by 40 minutes, and gave us updates as things changed. Turns out they were able to get the plane prepped and ready for us early,"
On Time !,"It was an early morning flight. It was on time, and boarding was easy. The airplane was relatively comfortable with leather seats. Service was pleasant."
"Absolute Quality, Value, and Comfort","if at all possible, fly with Jet Blue. One of the few airlines that doesn't bait and switch with a low cost followed by a ton of cost upgrades.... Affordable tickets, above average leg room, great staff, and nice fleet of airplanes."
Trip to Aruba!,The flight was on time but was at maximum capacity. The trip was to celebrate my Dad's birthday and to have a quick getaway with the family. Once there the airport was easy to navigate and the customs process was a breeze. JetBlue provided us with the necessary in-flight
Close to home,"This was an easy decision ... fly from the airport close to home or travel to JFK or LaGuardia. Tickets perhaps more expensive and number of flights are limited; however convenience of being 15 minutes away was the biggest advantage. There was small hiccup between stewardess,"
"Boston to St.Augustine,FL","We always fly JetBlue because of the non-stop flights to Florida. Easy to purchase flights on-line, flights are on-time, usually a shorter time in flight, and courteous attendants."
Excellence,"Hadn’t flown JetBlue in years and I’m sorry I haven’t. This was by far the best flight experience we have ever had. The crew was phenomenal friendly, courteous, helpful. They made the flight so incredibly comfortable. The pilots also were great with a smooth 6 hour flight. I"
effecient loading,"slightly late arrival, but efficient in loading as encouraged free checking of carry on luggage so not a lot of time wasted waiting on others to stow overhead luggage as most people took advantage of having their luggage checked"
Las Vegas Express,"I flew out to Las Vegas on the 21rst of Nov. on a 7:10pm non stop flight. Now JetBlue does not have a true first class, but I took the extra everything trying to duplicate first class. The problem comes down to seat size. There was plenty of leg room, and I boarded early, just"
No major hiccups,Pleasent staff; slight delay at no fault to airline; only issue was TV was not working for all of trip from Syracuse to SanDiego - don't think the airline is at fault but more so satellite connection? They did give a smal credit for the inconvenience.; TV worked on return flight
"On time take off, ahead of time landing","On time both direction, no delays, non-stop. No turbulence on the way down but a little on the way back. On the way down one of the 3 TV displays did not work."
"Fast, friendly and professional","Lovely flight with all the benefits but no extra charges. Always free Wi-Fi “Fly-Fi” Would recommend DFW opposed DAL Love Field, you will most likely not be delayed. DAL seems to have problems with their on-time performance maybe because it’s in the city?"
Jet blue is aways a pleasure,Staff pleasant friendly and helpful. We boarded and left early. Arrived on california 45 minutes early. Only wish in a flight this long they would offer better foods to purchase since they do not give anthing but snack
5 hour delay,"Yes I understand that delays happen once in a while, but this was ridiculous...supposedly there was issues with the plane which caused the delay, but we could not understand the announcements nor was the board at the gate working...very frustrating!!!!!! And once the plane"
Absolutely perfect flight,"Everything about this flight was perfect except the screaming toddler in front of me. Ease in getting to the airport through Thrifty park and fly, getting through security, not crowded, timeliness - couldn't have asked for anything more from the airport or the airline."
Jet Blue to Key West,"First time on Jet Blue. Beautiful new plane, free WiFi, free TV, plenty of snacks and drinks, free movies, good leg room. Friendly flight crew. Connecting from Orlando to Key West with Silver Airlines - 33 passenger turbo-prop plane. No frills, but flight was on-time and"
You get what you pay for,"JetBlue. Pricing for JetBlue may be a bit higher than some people are willing to dish out. However when it comes to flying, you get what you pay for. Seating on JetBlue is always spacious. Air Crews are friendly and accommodating. JetBlue provides entertainment, WiFi and a"
Great customer service,The flight departure and arrival matched the ticket times! FREE Snacks and drinks are served plane. JetBlue partnered with Amazon for movies on the plane. Airports closed because of Hurricane Irma on the retun trip so refund was given graciously without any hassles.
Evacuated from hurricane Irma,Jet blue came through with low fares for victims of hurricane Irma. It was truly the best flight I've ever been on. I can't even begin to express my gratitude.... They even had the AC going full blast for us since we all had little to no break from the heat. I even got a
New York to New Orleans,"The flight was smooth, comfy, and we got to New Orleans earlier than the predicted arrival time. Definitely will be flying with JetBlue more often."
Cell Phone Conversations Allowed,"JetBlue provides free WiFi service on all flights but does not limit WiFi calling. If you are unfortunate to get seated next to some who loves to talk on their cell phone you are stuck listening to their conversations for as long as the flight lasts. Blah, blah, blah, blah.... "
Love JetBlue,"I almost always fly JetBlue when possible. Generally their flights are on time (notwithstanding uncontrollable factors such as weather and airport construction) and their customer service excellent. I find the seats comfortable, flights reasonably priced and the attendants nice"
Good Flight despite windy conditions,"The pilot alerted us to the likelihood of initial bumpiness due to the high winds as we were leaving Boston. He accurately informed us that the bumpy ride would last only until we could rise above it, which lasted only about three minutes. The rest of the flight was uneventful. "
"Always Great, Never A Let Down","Typical Jet Blue awesomeness...friendly crew, plenty of leg room, on time departure, early arrival...they never fail. Oh yeah, free WIFI too :)"
Very friendly,"Everything was on time, in fact we landed 25 minutes early. The staff was very friendly and I like the fact that they serve natural potato chips. There is plenty of room, even if you don’t pay for the extra space. And my husband like that they have TVs to watch."
Long Beach for fun,Flew to Long Beach so we could visit Disneyland & Universal studios. Also for a Mexico cruise. We have a Jetblue Credit card so the flight was free. As a perk of the card we also got a free checked bag. Love the free drinks & snack. Overall a great flight.
Flying with Jetblue,Second time flying with Jetblue Staff was polite Had an issue with in flight entertainment and they worked to fix the problem Took awhile to fix it but did apologize for the inconvenience.Unfortunately some airports are not on their list of destinations that they travel
Always great service at JetBlue,"JetBlue is always a pleasure to fly. They are reliable, provide great service at the gate and on the flight. The tvs and free high speed wifi is a really nice bonus."
Jet Blue is my favorite airline,"We have been taking Jet Blue for over 15 years going to Nassau, Bahamas. Once, we took another airline (because we had free tickets - never again!) Jet Blue personnel are the friendliest and most helpful and most have a good sense of humor. We love the unlimited free snacks"
Easy peasy!,"What a pleasure to get a direct flight, we were there so quickly that we barely noticed. The price was also very, very reasonable, and the flight attendants were top notch. I will definitely use them again."
Great flight...on time with great service,We had an excellent flight...left on time and arrived early! What more can you ask for? Fantastic fares. Flight crew was great...No problems!!!
Better than average leg-room,Uneventful flight. Took off on time. I'm over 6 feet tall so I appreciate the standard amount of legroom that JetBlue offers.
Flying JetBlue,Jetblue has always been my favorite airline! They are always so nice and helpful with anything. They have always had workers that are there with a smile ready to answer any questions or help with your bags.
Great Coffee,The flight from Bos to DC is short and sweet. Good coffee (better than United). No frills. Seats are adequate for an under 2 hour flight.
Good service. On time flight,"The pilot was very, very funny. It was a good flight. It left on time and arrive a bit earlier. Flight attendant were nice."
JetPooh,"Unfortunately flying JetBlue from JFK to Savannah and vice versa, this flight is always crowded or overbooked. What makes this such a horrible flight, JetBlue should enforce carry on bag rules, many times passengers have luggage that should be checked instead of being allowed as"
Best for the Money,"The fact that they name it flight 777 to Vegas is fortuitous... but JetBlue Bos to Las is THE way to go... in fact... I resist reflecting on it so that it won’t become more popular. Free tv, internet, unlimited snacks, great service, it makes an airline like spirit feel like an"
Great Airlines,I love to fly with JetBlue. Checking in is easy done online. Boarding is fast and efficient. Plenty of free and good sized snacks on board. The flight attendants are nice and courteous. I was so impressed with JetBlue service when I called to request assistance to my travel
Value for the money,"I love JetBlue! First leg room and if you are unlucky to be stuck in the middle, arm and leg room! You are able to buy ""more space"" seats but why pay more when the seats are better than any other airline?! My friend went for the ""more space"" seat on the way back from Vegas but"
Great flight to Florida!,Flight was good. We left on time and arrived ahead of the schedule. Nice flight. Would definitely do it again.
First time on JetBlue,"Flight was on time which is a plus considering you have to be there two hours early, leg room was ok and they did offer drinks and snack. They also charge five dollars for headphones if you forget to bring your own, return flight had an hour delay which was not good because they"
"Good, Economical choice for Domestic USA/Caribbean Flight","My husband and I travelled from Portland, Oregon to Oranjestad, Aruba via New York's JFK airport and return on 11/24/17 - 12/1/17. We had originally hoped to travel on 11/23/17 but there were no tickets available on JetBlue - in a way this is good because JetBlue never oversells"
Wonderful Jet Blue,"As good a travel experience as you will ever have on an American based airline. On time, clean and reasonably comfortable."
Always a good flight,Always fly JetBlue when we head up north and they are always on time. Seats are a tad more comfortable than other airlines. Service has always been good. JetBlue has always been our airline of choice.
ecomony flighing,average is the word that best describes almost everything about the flight. baggage was obviously roughly handled and damaged.
JetBlue 50/50,"First, let me tell you I am a loyal fan of Southwest, but JetBlue was offering great prices to Boston which I fly to a couple of times or more a year. The service to Boston was interesting. First, you have to be aware they don't have curbside service and you have to check your"
We Always Fly JetBlue,"JetBlue is the best We fly from Sarasota to New York and back about 9 times a year to see our children and grandchildren. My husband is a Mosaic member, so we get to board after wheelchair people. Obviously, we're fine with this. At times they forget to call Mosaic. (JetBlues"
My Favorite Airline,"I really enjoy flying with JetBlue as staff are very friendly and courteous. Flight was very good and on time, I felt very safe flying with this airline. I like snacks that the offer, my favorite is the terra blue chips. I also like the free Wi-Fi, free movies and individual TV."
easy check in easy flight. Easy pick up for luggage,"Just an easy process. Buying the ticket on line, picking my seat and the payment method all easy. Check in process was quicker than usual. The Flight Attendants were attentive."
Great service and mostly comfy lie flat seat,"This was our first trip on Jetblue, and we chose the Mint (first class) service. We were very impressed with the service, food and entertainment. The flight attendants were great and the food choices interesting and delicious. The seat was great in all but the total lie flat"
"One of the best, most comfortable airlines","I've flown JetBlue a number of times and have never been disappointed. The seats are comfortable, with ample legroom. The provide a few different choices of snacks, not just peanuts, and every seat has a TV screen. The only thing unfortunate is that they began charging"
jetblue,"i fly with a service dog and i always get great service with very understanding crew, will always fly jetblue if possible !"
Glad to fly non stop,Breezed through security then waited and waited. apparently our plane had issues in Boston and either returned to Boston or had to be replaced. either way it was almost two hours late. I jus enjoy flying cross country with no stops along the way. I had an emergency exit seat so
Syracuse/Orlando,"Very comfortable, crew all very efficient, professional and friendly. All aspects of trip under Jet Blue control was excellent. Flying into and out of Orlando was a trial, especially with security on the return flight. Displays all said time thru security is 38 minutes as a"
"Our first JetBlue flights, but not our last","This was our first jaunt on JetBlue as we were flying to catch a cruise in Fort Lauderdale. What a nice surprise to find an airline like they used to be. We did check luggage, but also carried on a small bag and a personal item at no additional expense. Even though we were"
"Top Shelf in quality, service and consistency","If traveling to Los Angeles area, or even OC, this is the Carier and especially the Air Port to choose. If 2 weeks in advance, you are highly likely to get the best direct flight price to So. Cal. I have been flying this leg for over 2 years and I can honestly say that the Jet"
Great Service,"Best airline at this,time. Pa Lanes are clean and comfortable. The crew is very friendly and we also seem to arrive ahead of schedule. I,fly them whenever possible."
Comfortable Flight,"Excellent service, spacious seating, timeliness. I was allowed a carry on but since the flight was full, the crew urged everyone to check in the bags, so I ended up checking 2 bags when the allowed amount was one, at no charge. It worked out fine with me since I was relieved of"
If I can't fly JetBlue I don't fly,This is the only airline I will do business with. I love that there rewards program TrueBlue. The points never expire and can be earned doing things I do anyway. You can get 3 points on the dollar every time you shop on amazon. Points earned from eating at your favorite
Easy flight,"The flight was fine, no problems or complaints. Snacks and drinks also friendly flight crew. My only problem is other a couple of morning flights from Fort Lauderdale all the flights to Southern California are later in the day."
Great Flight at a Bargain Price,Our first flight to NYC on jetBlue was a pleasant surprise. The entire experience from the low ticket price to the comfortable seating in economy was exceptional. The entire crew including the flight captain was very informative and helpful. The jetBlue terminal at JKF is
Surprisingly pleasant and inexpensive flight,"I flew from JFK to Palm Spring on the evening flight. I bought the ticket a few months in advance and it did not have an assigned seat. Since there were two of us, I was wondering if each of us would have a separate seat. I've decided to call jet blue, requested for a seat,"
Flying to my other HOME.,"The review asked for a choice between ""economy or first class"". This flight has no ""first class"", however, we do upgrade to ""even more extra leg room"". My husband always liked the aisle seat so he'd have a place to put his legs. It's never a problem with JetBlue, even without"
Would definitely recommend,"My experience on this trip was great! I have no complaints and would definitely recommend. From booking my flight on their website to my roundtrip flight... everything went as smoothly as possible. Snacks, soft drinks & tv entertainment are all included."
Taken advantage of on baggage,"JetBlue no longer checks bag at the curb, but did not specify on website. Came to the airport with a passenger in need of a wheelchair (pre-requested). No one outside. Had to rent a cart to bring in the bags and search for someone with a wheelchair. Wound up asking the State"
First time on Jet Blue,Very impressed with Jet Blue. Flight was on time and can't believe how fast they turn their planes around.(20 Min.) Service was good and seats very comfortable. Mainly the plane was very clean. They offer a good alternative.
Round trip to Raleigh N.C.,The flights were non stop.Leaving Boston was right on time we landed 15 minutes early.The flight back to Boston loaded and departed 10 minutes early landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule.The only problem we had was reaching Uber our app didn't work in Logan.
JetBlue A++,"I always fly when I can JetBlue. I have never been disappointed! More leg room, free snacks and water. Very helpful staff! My husband and I are senior citizens and we have always felt taken care of with this airlines. Can't recommend it enough!!! Sandy McGrath"
Flight from JFK to Antigua,I upgraded our seats from regular economy so that we had more leg room and I was surprised that we had considerably more leg room than we have had after upgrading on other airlines. We were really very comfortable.
never let me down,I had booked a trip to the dominican republic and i miss my flight. Although i was mad i was able to catch a another flight to P.R. and a connecting flight to D.R. at no extra charge. it was stressful time but i was happy that i did not have to pay extra money. Thank you Jetblue.
Jetblue is always our first choice when flying from the NY area,Qur trip to and from Punta Cana was smooth and on time. We opted for more space seats but have always found even the cheapest seats to have the most space of any airline. We were able to check our carryon bags at the gate for free which was terrific since we already had
First time on Jet Blue,Wife & I flew for the first time on Jet Blue from Atlanta to Boston and was pleasantly surprised at the service & flight. We sat on front row allowing a little extra leg room. A nice plus is free Wi-Fi & TV. Service was great. You also had a choice of a free snack & non-alcohol
The flight was on time arriving in DC and on time returning home.,This is the first time using JetBlue and I was quite surprised on their overall job of getting me to DC and home to Florida.I had no problems what so ever.
nice flight,"We wanted a direct flight, which this airline provided. Service was great and friendly and fees were reasonable. Flight was on time. Very satisfied."
If you have a choice to Costa Rica,"From Florida you have a few choices. Be sure to check on the total price from airlines like Spirit. I fly Spirit because of the price, but the last two trips to San Jose the price was the same. Jetblue flies direct from Orlando. The seats are larger, the luggage is mostly"
Love flying JetBlue anyday or night.,"The flight change excellent, attendants very helpful and arrived on time. Boarding first for people who needed extra time was helpful especially when the disability was not visible."
Great way to get around the United Sates,I love flying JetBlue! It feels like you are travelling with friends and with someone that cares how you feel. The attendants are very friendly and willing to assist you in any way and make the 5 hour trip feel faster. They always have a smile and in 15 years of travelling with
Memorials,Flew to Visit the Vietnam memorial and Arlington Cemetary. The flight was on time and the attendants were wonderful. Was scheduled to return to Boston at 6.30 pm but had to leave early and they got me on a standby flight that left within minutes. Excellent airline.
Best Service Ever!,"First time I ever flew JetBlue MINT. I will now fly it every time it's available to my destination. Every single employee was pleasant, helpful and proud of their airline; and it showed."
Comfy seats!,"We are so sick of being uncomfortable on domestic flights, but JetBlue has given us a comfy option. Free drinks & assorted snacks too."
Enjoyable,My experience with Jet Blue started with customer service. They were helpful helping me book my flights. Then when my daughter and I went to JFK to check in there was someone from Jet Blue to help us. TSA for Jet Blue was friendly and courteous. The waiting area was clean
Frequent flyer on Jet Blue from Boston to Ft Myers,"JetBlue continues to satisfy us as frequent passengers from Boston to Ft Myers and return. Service quality remains high. Only complaint is that same flight fares can vary by as much as 300 to 500%! I understand their pricing strategy based on occupancy, but still dislike it"
Great flight for a great price,"Flight boarded, left and arrived early! Helpful crew put my bag in the overhead bin for me without even having to ask."
redeye below par,"Truly a red eye. The ""extra legroom"" seats did have extra legroom however: -The very hard seats reclined about three inches - No pillows - The lights were left on for the entire flight"
good experience,Have used this airline twice now and been impressed both times. Our flight home from Fort Lauderdale was delayed by several hours due to a mechanical issue and the staff did their best to keep us informed. They compensated us with a food voucher for the airport wihile we waited
Excellent Flight,"Return flight to Detroit left on time and landed on time. The flight was very rough due to the weather but the crew handled it well. Did not purchase the extra room seats, but the regular seats were comfortable."
By far my favorite airline.,"JetBlue is my go to when booking a domestic flight. They are one of the last airlines that treats you like a person rather than a number. Love the free wifi and snacks/drinks - but most importantly love the leg room. Being a regular sized male, 6' I am uncomfortable on flights"
Excellent Airline,"Wonderful flight. Left on time, landed on time. Purchased the “slightly more room”seats and they were very comfortable."
Great Airline,All of the employees from the desk to the flight crew were so helpful. They seem truely happy to be working there. They made the flight very pleasant.
Leaving on a Jetplane,"I must say that I have had some good flights and some bad ones. My flights to and from Boston were some of the most enjoyable. This was the first time flying Jet Blue for me, but it certainly will not be the last. Exemplary service and a comfortable plane design make this"
Vacation ‍♀️☀️☀️‍♀️,"I must say I like to travel with jet blue ✈️airline they got the best deals and I always arrive on time The Flight attendees that work for JetBlue airlines are always friendly Jet blue can’t wait to travel again "
Jetblue is a fantastic airline to fly with.,Jetblue is an excellent airline to fly with. The prices are very reasonable and the flight times are great. Everyone we dealt with was courteous and very professional.
Best Airline,Never have an issue when i fly JetBlue. Everyone is very nice and it's comfortable. This is my preferred airline when i travel. I have had only good experiences.
Flying on a cloud,"My jet blue flight to Santo Domingo was excellent. The flight staff was professional and attentive to the needs of the passengers. I found there were many flights leaving New York to Santo Domingo during the day. The airplanes of jet blue are small, but comfortable. The"
The best airline in the US!,"I wish all airlines were like jetBlue - they are punctual, their staff are helpful from customer service on the phone to people at the airport itself. It's nice that they don't nickel and dime you like many other airlines for food and water. The seats are very spacious and the"
Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles is a delight with JetBlue,"This is the only airlines that treat us like human beings. The way it used to be. They do not overcharge for carry-on and they give you free snacks and drinks (unlike Spirit). Additionally, the movies are FREE! Just buy the earpieces ($5) and the trip goes by smoothly."
No surprises. Today that is very good.,New boarding system seems to help with getting overhead bags in efficiently. Seating near front speeds getting off at destination.
"I came off almost 26 hours in planes, airports and lounges. On time performance at arrival -left Kennedy late.","Clean plane, good flight. Decent service, Everything worked (WI FI), In Flight in Seat Entertainment which is in itself remarkable lately."
Nice to be treated has a person and not a number!,This is the only airline I fly. I can't find anything bad to say bad about this company. The personal touch is what makes this airline number one in my book.
I Wonder if they take care of the engines like they do the rest of the plane ... Hmmm,"On both the outbound and inbound flights of my round trip, the seats did not recline and the video and audio did not work. They obviously do not pay attention to maintaining the cabin equipment, which makes me wonder about their maintenance policy on the engines and airframe"
Flight delayed,"Flight was scheduled to leave Ft Lauderdale at 8:00 pm non stop to Pittsburgh, the airline emailed me saying the flight departure was moved to 8:40. When I arrived at the gate we were informed that the flight was leaving at 10:00 then that moved to 10:15 and finally we boarded"
Top Notch Price and Service,Great price and excellent on-time service. Wider aisles make traveling JetBlue first rate all the way.
Buffalo to Orlando,Love the fact that you don't have to upgrade to get decent leg room and friendly service. Easy check in and helpful agents.
On time,"Jet Blue was on time no problems or issues. If flying to key west on jetblue they fly from Ft Lauderdale to Key West on Silver Airlines, Saab 340 service. The Silver Airlines departure gate is quite a distance from Jetblue arrival and requires a shuttle ride. Allow extra time."
Sticking with JetBlue,"JetBlue is my airline of choice for all Caribbean destinations that I travel to. Their service is th best. The crew is always friendly and professional, the are some pretty funny pilots in their fleet as well. My flight left a bit late, but that’s because of all the construction"
Great Choice,"First time flying with JetBlue and it was a very positive experience. Prompt, friendly, only a slight delay in departure. Founds the seats to be more roomy and comfortable than with other airlines I have flown. Appreciated the normal size free snacks with a choice. Highly"
Love JetBlue,This is the second time we flew JetBlue within six months. I will try to continue to fly with them. You get to choose your seats. And 3 out of 4 times the took any additional carry one luggage we had and checked it for free. Our big checked bag was $25. They have TV on the back
LOVE,"We miss our direct flight from Boston to Aruba which we used 2-3 times a year. However use JetBlue Tampa to Boston direct 2 or 3 times a year. Also love the seasonal flights to the Vineyard, Martha's Vineyard, with 1 stop, from Tampa. Almost always on time, every one is helpful"
Great experience!,This was out first time flying Jet Lue and if course we were a bit apprehensive! Nothing to worry about. Seats are large and leather. Staff was wonderful! Snacks are above average. Our flight down was well ahead of time and the layover in Fort Lauderdale was only about an
Love JetBlue,Love JetBlue.....Their was a delay but that wasn't the fault of the airline. It was due to bad weather. The best part of the trip is getting to watch free tv and/or movies. It makes the time go by very quickly.
not what it used to be,Have booked this nonstop segment many times Boston to Las Vegas and back. Travel in this day and age is difficult enough and JetBlue has always been able to “make it better” once you were on board and in transit. Well apparently not any more. The new boarding system although
My Favorite Airline!,"I never go wrong with JetBlue. The service is great and they offer snacks thru the entire flight including drinks. The free TV and movies is great too. Everyone gets their own TV screen. Carryon is free and they offer direct flights for my usual destinations, including"
Poor Airline Communications,"This flight was a travelers nightmare. We were to fly from New York to Boston, have a short layover in Boston, and travel from Boston to Detroit. We were late leaving JFK because of weather delays (a bad storm). While in the air, my wife continually asked the airline stewart if"
Great Airline,"JetBlue is the best airline we have used, friendly crews, comfortable and usually 99.9% on time. We have been traveling with JetBlue for over 10 yrs. with and without our grandchild. We have tried other airlines, and have returned to JetBlue, if we can't fly JetBlue on a"
Jet Blue or Bust,"Jet Blue is awesome. This is our airline of choice flying to Orlando from NY or CT. The airport is small, so the lines are non existent. You pay slightly higher but the convenience is well worth it. The staff is top notch, the plane is comfortable, the seats are spacious even"
On time flight with an outstanding crew.,"Friendly crew, plenty of leg room. Both flights down and back were excellent. I didn't pay for any extra perks. I didn't check bags. Seating is called by filling the window and center seats first. This can make finding overhead room for your bag difficult if your seat is on the"
Escape to Riviera Maya,"Couldn't have asked for better service or a more wonderful flight. On time, smooth, softest landings. JetBlue is my fav!"
Disney here we come...,Left on time and arrived early. Check in at Worcester was so easy and not stressful at all... The flight crew as totally professional and courteous...
All was well,"Recently used JetBlue Airlines to go from Fort Lauderdale to Memphis, Tennessee, and then returned home on JetBlue from New Orleans back to Fort Lauderdale. Both both flights went smoothly, the crew helpful and pleasant. Check-in and baggage handling went smoothly. Staff was"
best of the rest,"jetblue is my carrier of choice, for this travel route. best availability, times and prices. works best for me as a mosaic passenger. reservations are simple and easy, with easy phone access. not mosaic? not so much"
"SUPER AIRLINES WITH 3 NON STOPS TO WEST PALM, FL.","3 non stops back and forth from WHITE PLAINS TO WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA. Very convenient. Use to fly out of HARTFORD, CT. but limited flights and more expensive. White Plains airport is nothing to look at. Looks like an old airforce airport like you see in the BAHAMAS. Only 2"
Love JetBlue!!!,JetBlue is one of only 3 airlines I will fly. It is always my first choice. They have always been on schedule or early!! The crews are always helpful and friendly. The tv offering is wonderful and makes flight time pass quickly. The flight deck was personable and
Quick trip to nyc,"I am a JetBlue fan. The seats a comfortable, the crew is always great, and the flights are reasonably priced. If given a choice this is my first pick for airline travel."
Flying over the holidays,"The crew was pleasant, went out of their way, funny, kind and helpful. This was a welcome change for me."
2 hour delay on the tarmac,"We always fly Jetblue, this trip was beyond frustrating. We boarded ontime and were left on the tarmac for 2 hours due to maintance issues."
6 hour flight to Los Angelas,"Fight went smooth without a hitch, very comfortable. We opted for seats with extra leg room which really helped with this being the longest flight I've been on since I left the military. We took off on time and arrived early which is always a plus to me."
Great Airline,Roomy and comfortable. Good entertainment. On time always when I fly the them. Great price for this flight
Experience on board,"Flight was on time, Even that is a low cost airline service on board was good. They have us sometida snacks and water for free."
A Trip on one of the world's Best Airlines,"The more I fly, the more I appreciate Jet blue. Their terminal is set up for maximum ease in checking in and getting through Security. The physical layout for gates is efficient. Seat room is the best. I've flown the major US airlines and their economy (they call it Coach)"
Cheapest way to fly,"All airlines pack in their customers like rats in a cage. No leg room, no arm space, absolutely no stretching and can you actually bend over and retrieve something from the floor or your bag? If all airlines herd you in, then you might as well go with the cheapest flight that"
Good Airline to fly with,The Flight was a last minute trip the cost for the airfare was very cheap the customer service from the flight attendants was very great and the plane departed on time and arrived early at my destination
BEST CROSS-COUNTRY AIRLINE FOR AVERAGE TRAVELER,"An Evening non-stop return flight. Excellent seating, leg-room, attentiveness of the Flight Attendants. Exceptional in-flight wi-fi and entertainment system ( Satellite Wi-Fi) Boarding very easy and the de-planing as well. The only hiccup occured at the originating"
Best Airline,"The service was beyond excellent from the moment you enter the aircraft you are offered drinks, and anything to make your flight pleasureable."
Our favorite airline,JetBlue is consistently our favorite airline! The flights between Orlando and New York City are plentiful and the fares are mostly very good. Their reward program is wonderful with no blackout dates. The planes are more comfortable than most with lots of legroom and leather
Excellent service,We decided to spend some time in Washington DC and I was truly dreading the drive up. We checkered JetBlue rates and found them to be beyond reasonable even for upgraded service. The optional expedited check in was worth every penny and turned a usually cumbersome and drawn out
No upgrades needed,"As usual, extra leg room, free individual entertainment, great flight attendants. Always great experience."
Best Flying Experience,"We are JetBlue Frequent Flyers! They treat their customers with the best service and respect. On time and orderly boarding, seat selection is seamless, no overbooking, free unlimited snacks and nonalcoholic beverages, free movies and music and free WiFi. Their seats are"
Comfortable and efficient,"We bought a last minute ticket on Jet Blue from JFK to ABQ when a storm in Atlanta grounded our reserved flight on Delta. Helpful staff at check-in, smooth and on time boarding and comfortable flight. I only wish that Jet Blue also served Albuquerque going westbound."
Friendly discount carrier with out the disadvantages of the deep discounters,"Great people, great fares, above average space, comfortable newer aircraft, plenty of free snacks, low airfare, what more could you want."
"On time, friendly people","Professional, great about giving updates via SMS. I will fly JB again when traveling to Costa Rica. Great website for do-it-yourself people."
Flight to Barbados,Pretty good flight. They have a non-stop in the summer on Saturdays round trip. Flight was about 4.5 to 5 hours. I like that JetBlue has a non-stop flight to the Caribbean from Boston. A lot of the other airlines don't seem to have that option.
Great flying in the USA,"One of my two favorite airlines when traveling in the USA is Jet Blue... The plane environment is positive, clean and comfortable. I love the TV but not the fee to change flights. My destinations are non stop so convenience is the main reason."
FLIGHT ATTENDANTS WERE GREAT,I requested a wheel chair Chair waiting for me to and from destination Staff were very helpful and pleasant Enjoyed being able to watch tv without an additional charge
Best AIrline in the US,"We have been flying Jet Blue since they opened and they are the best! Their seats are comfy, their snacks are great and seats are comfy! The DTV and movies make the time fly. Not to mention they have the best prices and rewards program. Any customer service issues are addressed"
Impressed,I love JetBlue treat me great and never a problem easy check in love movies they offer free and and drinks
Easy travel,Jet Blue is a easy ride to NYC from Buffalo. No hassle flying with Jet Blue!...not enough time in the air for more than a drink and chips.
"easy, safe, and fun","Haven't flown in a long time. Very comfortable seat, great flight crew with a good sense of humor. I was in the back of the plane and there were 2 young children flying by themselves. The flight attendant was very patient with them, helping with electronics as well as patiently"
Like this airline for the extra room,Jet blue for years was one of my favorite airlines. However the last 3 times I have flown this airline the stewards and stewardesses have been uber cranky. They seem to care more about there smart phones and chatting than actually doing there job!! On a recent flight to Costa
1-1/2 mile walk to taxi stand,"Someone got the bright idea to move the JFK taxi stand for JetBlue while a hotel is being constructed inside the JetBlue terminal. So after traveling all night, I had to walk literally half way across the terminal to baggage claim. There is no taxi stand right outside baggage"
Things I like to travel with,"For some reason I always see travelers who are running trying to make it through security. It boggles my mind to think of what security’s thoughts on this. Is someone late for a flight, is someone doing drugs or smuggling them or something else. When you see them sweat it just"
Non stop,"We use Jetblue several times a year, mostly from Boston to Tampa and back again, as we winter in Florida and Jetblue flies direct. About 3 hours usually. Also, they have tv's on the back of each seat which helps the time go by while flying. Complimentary snacks and coffee, cold"
Wow things done right,"A little late boarding but done quickly and efficiently , treated like people not cattle great way to run a airline"
"easy, fast, no middle seats","Jet Blue is so easy and fast. The best part is no middle seats on this flight. Thanks for recycling, Jet Blue!"
Leaking coffee pot creates delay?,"The wings had to be de-iced which is to be expected but when we further delayed because of a leaking coffee pot, I was peeved. Shut it off and move on. Staff were very pleasant. Snacks could use an upgrade. Even more space was $100 each way which is steep but it is nice to have"
JetBlue’s Anniversary Gift,"My husband and I are in Mexico celebrating our anniversary. We decided to stay an extra few days and not only did Jetblue waive our change fee as an anniversary gift, they also upgraded us to complimentary Even More Space Seats. I fly Jetblue often and have never had a bad"
Good Service,"Flight was delayed due to equipment problems, after about 1-1/2hr we disembark and had to change gates and plane. flight took off about 3hr late. flight was good and service was expellant."
Personnel most helpful,Jet Blue is most accommodating and their personnel work hard at keeping their customers happy. TV on plane is terrific -- snacks okay too.
This airline has been my go-to over the last few years,"This was one of the few non-stop flights available from Ft. Lauderdale to San Francisco available at a reasonable price. The flight was on time, and very comfortable. Movies were free, as were snacks. The flight crew was very friendly and accommodating and I will continue to"
Great customer service,"Jet Blue is truly the best airline there is. The comfort of the plane and customer service is top notch. Our flight was delayed almost 3 hours, but we were given an update every 15 minutes or so. W$ were also given a credit for our next flight. Great airline,"
Jet Blue didn't give me the blues!,"My daughter and I flew roundtrip on Jet Blue. When we flew to D.C., we were on a plane that sat three people per row. These seats were not designed by a sleep specialist, because they weren't the most comfortable. Hey! I wasn't going to live on the plane, so it was doable"
My Favorite Airline!,Currently JetBlue is my favorite Airline! If I’m traveling anywhere and JetBlue is one of the options I’m picking them. My flight to and from Orlando was good as well as the ones I’ve taken to other parts of the US and Caribbean. Like any Airline things happen and they have
Fast,Quick and Fast overnight flight to JFK. Basic service for an American airline. It's a ( like southwest) long haul economy line. You can pick your seat ahead of time.
Unremarkable,"It was a typical flight. The flight attends were very nice. The only complaint was the TVs were not working on the way to Aruba. However, we were able to contact Jet blue for a credit. On the way home, again no real issues. Some had TV issues, but were able to change to"
Great non-stop flight,"The flight is nonstop - listed as a little over 3 hours (3:05 or so) but usualy is done in about 2:50. I have taken the flight many times and the times have changed, but the flight always leaves Orlando in the morning sits in San Jose an hour or so and returns to Orlando on"
Not So Good JetBlue Flights,"The actual flight in the air in both directions was smooth, so kudos to the flight crew. JetBlue has the best legroom in the Economy class and they also have great snacks. However, with that being said our layover flight on the way to Jamaica out of JFK had a one hour and"
Always JetBlue,"Even though the fares are extremely competitive this airline is doing a great job in keeping passengers. New planes, very clean, friendly attendants. Great new terminal at Kennedy. Using them again in two weeks."
Great Flight Experience Chicago to Boston,"Two of us wanted to spend time in Boston with family as well as drive up to Provincetown area for a bit when the tourist season had slowed (Nov), and we did a bit of research and got great prices and great aisle seats with plenty of leg room. Flights going and returning were"
Excellent first trip on JetBlue WITH a big exception....,"We found the room seating and friendly staff at JetBlue to be delightful. However, we booked what I thought was the earliest flight we could POSSIBLY make (family of 4) for a trip to NYC for Thanksgiving, which was 6:30am and that was pushing it (means getting up at 3:15a). "
The staff was very professional and nice. Very helpful to me.,The staff was very nice.I flew from SAV to JFK. The plane was very comfortable but loud.(LOL). I definitely recommend it.
My go to Airline,"This is my go to airline. Direct flights only for me. Have never had an issue with their service, or flights. I highly recommend this airline. Unlike other airlines there are free complimentary drinks excluding alcoholic beverages, Chips, cookies etc."
Easy travel,"Easy trip, non-stop. Seats are comfortable. Personal tv and free wi fi are definitely an added feature on this airline! Being disabled, I was happy with the wheelchair service too."
Alway enjoyable,Jet blue planes are comfortable and clean. The flight crew was very nice and efficient. Food Available to buy is ok but the free goodies are great and almost unlimited. bring your headphones or you will need to buy them. Flight was on time as well
On time,"Great flight, got us there early! This was our first time using Jet Blue - definitely will not be our last. Staff were all friendly, from the ground crew to the flight attendants. The legroom in their standard seats was great."
Non stop Flight,Was a non stop flight to Orlando. One of the best flights we have been on. Always a plus when no change of planes. Service was very good and the in flight TV passes the flight time.
first time jetblue flyer,"first time on jetblue............loved it !!! they are soooo friendly and very easy to deal with ...given I have a choice next time, I'm going jetblue."
Jetblue from Boston to Salt Lake City.,This was a 4 hour flight. Great flight love the onboard tv. Watched a movie and enjoyed free snacks and beverages. On time arrival.
"Easy, prompt at a fair price",Love we didn't have to pay extra for leg room. Both departing flights were on time and boarded without any hassles.
Tampa to Newark for a Cruise out of NYC,"JetBlue makes flying a little more bearable. This was a last minute flight that we had to book because other travel plans to NYC were canceled due to Hurricane Irma. Flight was smooth, equipment in good condition and flight attendants were top notch."
Recent flight to Aruba,"Flew in the extra leg room seats, very comfortable. Flight crew friendly and attentive. Check in was quick. Flight was smooth."
We went on standby for an earlier flight,"After booking our reservation in advance, we decided we wanted to try for the next earlier flight. So we tried standby, which JetBlue allows at no extra charge, (standby for the next earlier flight only) We were able to get on with assigned seats, which made our trip even more"
Great flight out of Boston leaves at reasonable hour 8:30am,JetBlue does a good job of organizing loading - from rear to front so it goes more quickly and generally good service. The flight is direct and so quick leaving at a reasonable hour 8:30 am and landing late morning in New Orleans so you can still enjoy the whole day.
They are charging for everything,"Okay, so we flight fairly often - but mostly to Europe. I was impressed by the leg room. I was surprised to find that everything was not a charge item - even the earbuds. The flight was fine - a bus in the sky, with nothing to set it apart or make it more attractive than"
Love jetBlue!,"Always happy with jetblue. Love that you can watch movies or live TV. The flight attendants are always friendly and helpful, I like that the captain gives us any updates as they arise."
Pros and Cons,Flight delayed twice then there were gate change notifications I was getting on my semi-smart phone that weren't showing up on the departures display. Once we got on the flight everything was grand.
Great flight,JetBlue's attendants were courteous and it was a very comfortable trip. The trip back was great too. It was such a smooth landing in Boston. I have used JetBlue on many trips to Aruba and Florida. Never had a problem..
Jfk to cancun,Direct flight. Multiple times. Took the early and a 0945 going. And late flight coming home. Great. E
Great flight,"JetBlue to Aruba is a direct approximately 4 1/2 hour flight. The plane was clean, the staff great and a fairly smooth flight. The times for direct flights are good too, very accommodating. The only way we fly to Aruba is JetBlue."
October 17 Florida trip,The flight going down to Florida was great on 10/25. The flight took off on time and landed on time. The flight on the other hand was not so great. The flight had a 7:20pm departing time. At 4:15 we received a text informing us the flights departure would be delayed 1 hour due
Best airline!!,"I love jet blue. The leg room is awesome. You get a variety of choices of snacks. Internet for free, direct tv and comfortable. Love everything about jet blue"
Best Airline,"I only fly with Jetblue Airways. I am a trueblue member and their points never expire. I have already used my points to get two free trips. The staff is very friendly and their terminal is awesome, maybe the best at JFK in New York. Flights are smooth and now I enjoy the free"
Short and sweet,"From kiosk check in, thru security, to boarding it was a snap! Loading was the rear to the front and everyone was very pleasant. On time, 2 hour flight!"
Great economy service,"Great price service and legroom,on time departure at both gates .would recommend and I travel world wide Europe 4 to 5 times a year ."
"On time, comfortable and my favorite airline to travel on",I haven't flown in a while and today flight was just perfect. I enjoy JetBlue and everything they offer.
Flying Jetblue for years,JetBlue gets a 99% in all areas. The wife and I have used this airline to many other locations without a problem. Get the extra leg room seats - they are worth it.
Turbulence,"Great flight, calm stewards & stewardesses for as much turbulence as there was, it was quick but I would definitely use Jetblue again, my flight on November 27th at 1:11pm was only $41.00. Pretty Good !"
Convenient alternative to get into the Los Angeles area.,"We started using JetBlue since we relocated to the Reno, Nevada area (RNO). We travel periodically to the Long Beach, California area (LGB) to visit family. Previously, we flew into Orange County (SNA) because of the ease of getting around the airport and its facilities (i.e."
Can I please get my bag?,Love jet blue but do not like mixing bags with others flights or the fact that it takes longer than other airlines. Big dissatisfiar !!
Your usual American Airline. It's not Lufthansa.,"We booked through an online travel agent and did not know that we had to pay extra for the luggage. Accordingly, the overhead compartments were overcrowded. The food they serve, even the food for money, is nothing more than unhealthy snacks. Bring your own food. Space was tight,"
Perfection,"Clean, WiFi, tv and movie access. Enough legroom. Unlimited snacks and water. JetBlue is always my first choice. Always a pleasant flight. Flew home on a different airline and you really notice the difference."
Great Flight,Great flight on time departure and on time arrival. Very smooth flight attendants very courteous. Would fly jetblue again.
Good but could use improvement,"The airline is okay, but one aspect really bothered me. When boarding, people sitting in the rear of the airplane are seated first. These people dump their luggage off in the forward overhead bins so they don't have to drag it all the way to the back. Then when you are called"
Love JetBlue!,"Have flown JetBlue almost exclusively for over 10 years. Now that I need wheelchair assistance when flying, I find that they are kind, courteous, and very helpful."
JetBlue will make you BLUE!,This is the worst airline ever!! Waited in line for four hours as employees of this airline tried to figure out how to board passengers on the plane after their computers crashed. Surely there has to be procedures in place in the event of technical issues and apparently this
What a pleasure to not be cramped by the seat in front of me!,"When I sat down in my seat, I thought I must have the wrong row. I had not paid for a ""more room"" seat upgrade but my knees didn't hit the back of the seat in front of me. Plus I was even able to lower the tray table without it hitting my chest. It's pretty sad that this"
"roomy seats, big waiting areas, plans need to be updated","travelled over thanksgiving. everything at the airport went well. Plane was slghtly delayd due to minor equipment issues. boarding was smooth. room for bags. seats are large and roomy. tvs are in poor condition - went on an off, difficult to use. they gave everyone a $15"
Are where home already?,I have taken this flight a dozen times. Jetblue gives you free movies when you are out range of its satellite you don’t need to purchase extra space seats it’s a nice flight. I was very comfortable and flight attendance are always very accommodating
Short flight with very good service.,Short flight with very good service. Easy check in both ways. Attendants were very courteous and fast. Free snacks and soda were provided. Possibly will do it again.
JetBlue Mint is the only way to fly!!,"I don't know if you have ever experienced the Mint service but it is simply out of this world for half the price of what American charges. Great food, lay flat seats, large screen TV's simply the best. Best way to go between LAX and JFK!!"
A Little Better Than Most,"This was our first time using JetBlue. Plane left early from MCO. Very pleased with the two-two configuration, and more leg room. Full size snacks, whole can of seltzer, very pleasant staff is a welcome change. Would have arrived really early except for a jetway malfunction at"
Truly a great trip,"Wheelchair was at curb within 3 minutes, everyone on the ground was courteous and friendly. Flight was on time leaving and 4 minutes early landing. On board was very professional and friendly, especially Cory the attendant in the rear of the aircraft. Great flight as usual"
BEST AIRLINE OF ALL TIME,"I fly frequently, and my family members, since some of us live in IL, and some live in MA. I started flying United, about 15 years ago, for 3 years, then I discovered JetBlue, and love the service, ""Dunkin Donuts"" coffee on board, lol....and most of all the prices!! I just"
Enjoyed the flight,"It was my first flight with JetBlue and not the last one. Both flights, going and coming back, we on schedule. What I liked the most was the room between the seats.and TV on all seats, which you can control by the remote on your arm rest. We were treated with beverage and snack"
I'll only go if Jetblue can take me there....,"This flight, as in all my previous flights aboard Jetblue, went flawlessly. On time departures and arrivals, courteous attendants, and of course the little TV screens embedded in the seat backs mean you never have to crane your neck to see the movie or show. I paid $15 more for"
Our JetBlue flight -1st class experience at a budget price,"We recently booked our trip to NYC to catch a cruise from the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal. Not only did JetBlue have the most convenient flight times from West Palm Beach, but also had the lowest fare. As anyone who has flown JetBlue knows, their planes have some of the best leg"
i lay down in row 2,"I buy all 3 seats and lounge out row 2 wouldn't fly any other way, love the blue chips love the direct flight"
GREAT Airline,"There are many choices when it comes to flying, but I have found that JetBlue is extremely consistent. JetBlue flights are almost always on time (at least we have found that to be very true), the stewards and stewardesses are extremely professional and friendly. The movie"
Enjoyable Flight,We had a very good flight. It was on time and the seats had decent leg room for an economy category.
Never disappoints,"Everyone seemed professional and willing to fill any passenger's requests. Snacks were good. Flight left on time, and arrived on time. Make sure you bring your own headphones or ear buds for the free t.v. Otherwise the cheap headphones costs $2 . Take a jacket because blankets &"
Like flying several decades ago,"We have not flown with such comfort and courtesy in decades! JetBlue has not been in Cleveland for very long, and it was our first experience. My wife and I both wish that there were more connections (especially to CA) because it would become our airline of choice."
nonstop flight more comfortable than other major airline,"We took a flight in July to Seattle from Boston Logan, it was a nonstop flight & it took only 6 hours. The boarding was well organized & staff were very professional. Their seats were nicely spaced & plenty of leg rooms & their overhead compartment were spacious enough to"
Best Planes for comfort & Customer Service,Plenty of leg room even in Economy. Stewards are right on top of things. Always on time with every one of our trips
Always great - my favorite airline.,"Great seats, great service, on-time flights, great amenities in flight. I truly wish I could ALWAYS fly JetBlue, but they don't go to all the places I want to go. Also a great value."
Great Airline,JetBlue is an awesome airline. They just forgot to have parents with kids broad first before Group A boarded. Other than that it is a great airline.
The BEST!,Jet Blue is absolutely the best Airline ever. Friendliest and most helpful crew. The most comfortable flight I have ever had in my life.
"Love JetBlue ","An excellent airline, customer oriented, great value ! My favorite airline for Boston-NY flights!"
Always go back to Jetblue,"We have flown many airlines, but always go back to Jetblue. Quick service at the airport, love you have your own TV to watch. Attendants are always friendly and offer you MORE than one snack, mostly on time."
We travel on JetBlue whenever we can.,"We both got TSA pre-approved...short wait, great service. On time both directions. Our in-flight entertainment did not work on the flight down, but they gave us each a $15 voucher towards a future trip."
Always a pleasure,Im a big fan of jetblue...staff always exceptional...great customer service..comfortable seating and a good track record of on time
I really enjoy Jetblue,"Although a flight is a flight, the attitudes on Jetblue I experience a couple times a year are great. I wish they flew out of SNA or served ice cream onboard ... but I will settle for good attitudes, wide seats and more leg room. Also, they let me stand up and not complain. I"
As good as it can be,"Economy plus. P,entry of legroom. Snack and drink kiosk available throughout the flight, in addition to service. Free WiFi, power at the seats, on time departure. Early arrival. New airbus A321"
An appropriately numbered flight,This is the first flight that I paid for the extra leg room option and it was worth it. I'm not little at 6' 300lbs. I also have bilateral knee replacements. There was a certain pleasure in not having the seat in front of me resting on my knees. My only complaint on the flight
Amazing flight experiences outside of those primary carriers,"We went for the lowest rate tickets without any add-on, and I'm so impressed about the leg room and width of the economy class seats. I'm 6'1"" and 225 lbs, so I need a lot of room. Most of the primary carriers provide just enough leg room when I sit upright. But with this"
Delayed at the Gate,We purchased more space seats and priority boarding for my wife and myself from Jet Blue. Seats were located in Row A. So far so good right? We arrived at the Punta Cana Airport 3 hours prior to takeoff. Checked the luggage and then checked in and got our boarding passes. We
Comfortable seats !!,"Comfortable seats for a six hour flight (west bound). We opted for ""extra room"" as I'm 6' 2'' and it was worth it. I could actually cross my legs. The food was for purchase and half way decent. Individual tv monitors with free movies and junk tv and didn't require a twelve"
Florida tripping,A late night flight after the holiday. The flight was turn around for the crew and at 9 pm. They were both professional and delightful to fly.
Non-stops between PIT and FLL are not at convenient times. Change/baggage fees-> $$$$$,"Especially in winter, from FLL -PIT Jet Blue flght arrives too late and cannot trust on-time departure from FLL. From PIT to FLL Jet Blue flight leaves too early meaning 1)driving in pitch black or 1a) risk missing Airport Flyer Bus to Downtown. or 2) Driving in pitch black"
Just right!,Love the non-stop service on jetBlue between DCA and JAX. Very professional and friendly service by the entire crew. Seating as expected and good. I will always book a jetBlue non-stop when available.
Great airline experience,"On time, comfortable seating, very nice attendants, endless snacks, FREE Wi-Fi, and TV and movies. I only fly JetBlue and don't miss the other airlines one bit."
Flight at end of trip,"Great Flight, everything about it was good. As to be expected with JetBlue. Flight Attendants were very friendly and on top of their game."
good value,"Traveled form Vegas to Boston in October. Enjoyed the trip with JetBlue. Still get free water, and snacks and free entertainment. Attendants were very pleasant."
Boton to Richmond,"Great fi\light, left early because passengers were on time and arrived early. The flight was painless."
Great flight!,"I've taken quite a few flights in the past few years and I have to say that my most recent flight on JetBlue was one of the best. The seats give you a little more room than normal, All of the flight attendants were friendly and helpful (esp. important when you are traveling with"
Easy to deal with,"Had to change my flight 3 times due to a hurricane and time of flight. Great service by all agents I dealt with. They treated my situation like it was a no brainer. From check in to departure all went well. Did have to use a wheel and that part of the service was great, on"
Cuba Team (Humanitarian Work ),I led a group of people to do Humanitarian work in Cuba to rebuild a church that was utterly destroyed by Hurricane Matthew in October 2016. The staff of the Group Sales was so knowledgeable and helpful in setting up the travel for the Team. They provided step by step guidance
Nice flight. Worn plane,"Non stop always my favorite at choice. JetBlue is the way to go. Service in airport on flight excellent. Planes are getting old. Seats worn and TVs not best. My sound didn't work. Seat next to me vacant, so I used that plug. Arm rest in front of me had the whole inside"
great to fly with,Love to take Jet Blue to California. Well taken care of and enjoyable service. Wish they went to more of my destinations from SLC.
Jet Blue Flight from Long Beach to San Francisco,The flight was on time and arrived in time. The service was good. The check-in was also trouble free.
"IF YOU WANT ELITE FLIYING EXPERIENCE - YOU SHOULD PAY FOR IT - BUT FOR EVERYDAY TRAVEL, JETBLUE SETS THE STADARD","I have bee flying on JetBlue since its inception - and back then the competition was Southwest ... now there's no comparison. JetBlue has convenient flights, excellent service, courteous and professional flight staff and most times the best fares or pretty darned close to it. "
The usual great flight,Flying jet blue for over 10 years. Gave up on american airlines and never looked back. Nice people easy website. Easy to use points. What more could you like. The more space seats for one..im 6 ft tall to space matters. Just booked them again for 3 trip til march
Great Experience,We just love JetBlue. It is the only airline that I believe that gives you free Wi-Fi and TV in economy class. Just wish they had not stopped offering 1 checked bag free.
"nice, on time friendly service and quick","check in was quick, service was good with snacks and drinks and the flight was on time. wish they would start lunch as the flight was 6 hr long, delta has started and it was nice , even a cold sandwich."
Not a hitch!,"The flight was on time. Check-in went smoothly, service was courteous and friendly. Booking on-line was super user friendly. This was true for the trip back home."
Great travel experience,"I will start off by saying that I have not flown since 1994 when my parent's took my brother and I to Disney. With all the nightmare stories you hear on TV, I was not looking forward to flying again, but I must say it was not a bad experience. Going through the airport security,"
Easy peezy,Left on the tuesday before Thanksgiving and returned on Friday...best time ro fly..on time and painless....
Delayed flight,Flight was delayed almost 5 hours. We finally were put on another plane. The staff was very friendly and kept us informed of what was happening.
Short Trip,"Good price for a short trip, only complaint was leaving point B to return to point A was delayed and made arriving delayed."
JetBlue Best Customer Experience,"JetBlue flights are on time, the flight attendants are friendly, helpful and welcoming. It pays to get even more space, which comes with early boarding and expedited TSA screening (at JFK). The available in-flight movies are varied. I have flown with other airlines and always"
Family visit,Whether you’re traveling economy or even more room seats...the flight was enjoyable. Their staff was excellent...flight left on time and arrived on time. Pilots were not interactive with passengers as do some other airlines which I find reassuring. Got a great price for a
Totally great flight experience.,"First and foremost are the very comfortable seating and great leg room. The attendants were all great, very courteous, friendly, helpful and very professional."
A Big Shoutout to JetBlue,"This flight was totally enjoyable from start to finish. The folks at the check in counter were patient and helpful. It is wonderful and unusual to have a free checked bag. The flight crew was delightful and friendly. They were extremely generous with the snacks, both when they"
Always a Pleasure,I live about a 2 1/2 hour drive from Orlando but much prefer the direct JetBlue service to Cancun rather than connecting flights on other airlines out of Tampa (an hour closer for me) or Fort Myers (also an hour closer). JetBlue has a great frequent flyer program on top of their
timely rating,"Amazing that I am giving a good review since the last TWO roundtrip tickets with Jet Blue were horrible so much so with delays and issues that I was credited dollars from BOTH roundtrips as a make good. Of course in the old days, that meant a free ticket but now becomes a"
"On time, friendly staff.","Like a trip to my dentist - quick and painless. Only quirky thing is the Long Beach airport; no skyway. Had to go up stairs like in the old days. Getting to baggage pickup is like playing Pac-Man - lot of twists and turns to get there. On the plus side, the control tower"
Love this airline,"We always use Jet Blue to fly back and forth to Salt Lake City, Ut. Short but comfortable flight and have yet to have a bad experience. On one occasion my husband made an error on dates online and when I called to fix it, Jet Blue rep. was gracious and changed flight without a"
On time,"On time, good service at both ends. Discovered on return that JetBlue does not charge active or retired military baggage fees. I found out after the fact and a gate agent spent 10 minutes on the phone ensuring a refund would occur within 7-10 business days for the charge on both"
Excellent Airline.,"Courteous service, comfortable seats, on time departure , I have been a loyal for a few years now and will only fly with Jet Blue when traveling,"
1st time with Blue left me far from blue,"Though hadn't flown with jetBlue previously,my first flight with this airline was wonderful;all staff,from checkin to flight to departure,were wonderful. seats were comfortable,inflight entertainment and food were fine,and the flight even arrived early."
Continual excellence,"JB Customer for many years, enjoyed the niche airports business plan originally targeted and now with their growth the service remains very good. Go to airlines for flights to SMF, LGB, and SLC out of OAK and SFO. Staff always is friendly and professional no matter the time or"
Very courteous and easy to work with,"I had to call JetBlue's customer service twice about my trip to Florida, first about the fare and then to get the flight changed. (We were going to see my terminally ill sister.) Both times the people I spoke with were extremely pleasant, kind, and helpful. We almost always"
Smooth flight with affordable price,I took the overnight cost-to-coast flight with JetBlue. And I slept for most of the time during flight (which means the flight was smooth and not much to say about the flight experience). The ticket price was very competitive for July 4th travel. And the plane arrived ahead of
Love flying JetBlue,I always have a great flight with JetBlue. I love that they have free WiFi and unlimited snacks. Their entertainment system always has great choices. The only con is the controls are in the handrest which means the volume keeps getting changed accidentally. The staff is so
Most amazing experience,I got Jet Blue from Buffalo to New York as they are partners with Emirates Airline. My flight from Buffalo to NY and Back was most amazing flight I had in my US domestic traveling. Like other domestic flight they don’t provide meal but they do offer snacks and drinks. Leg space
excellent flight experience with this airline,"The flight was on time and excellent service on board. Movies and Music available on board, although the flight was not long enough to finish,"
Jet blue airline,Our favorite airline! Great service and very good size seating! Flight was leaving and arrived to and from on time. Very clean airplane and gates. Friendly flight attendants. All together excellent service and highly recommended.
More leg room!,The actual flight was great. There is definitely more space between rows of seats and the flight attendants were wonderful. We did leave about 30 minutes late however and they overbooked by 5 or 6 seats which is nerve wracking. It took quite awhile to get people to give up their
Pleasantly surprised,"I had never flown with Jet Blue, I am also not fond of the airline industry. I booked JetBlue because of the early flt availability to Jamaica. I could not get a decent flight out of Dulles, which is closer to me so I drove to BWI. I contacted Jet Blue a several times over the"
Great flight,"Did not pay the extra $65 for front-of-plane but noticed that there seemed to be slightly more legroom on JetBlue regular coach than on Southwest or Delta. In-flight entertainment was good, landed 30 minutes early, free snacks comparable to what you get on Delta now."
"Excellent airline, with surprise","Non stop service, with roomy seats, easy boarding, free internet service, and excellent tv entertainment. We don't bother to up grade to more room seats, as the two hour flight has adequate legroom. The surprise, flight was delayed an hour after we boarded, captain kept us"
Jamaica - US,My dad travels ‘wheelchair assist’ JetBlue was very accommodating. The customer service was above par.
Very Good Experience! Except Boarding at ORL!,"Our JetBlue Experience was very good and would have been almost perfect except for boarding the airplane. The Staff was super, the plane was clean, and the pilots did any exceptional job with severe weather while landing in Buffalo. However, boarding the plane took forever! I"
Where Is My JetBlue?,"I have been flying with JB for almost 15 years now and the love affair is over. What was once a great, economical, comfortable airline has gone the way of ""charge for almost everything"". You no longer get any free checked baggage, even on the international flights from Ecuador"
Love Jet Blue,"We usually fly Jet Blue, no matter if we are in the U.S. or to the caribbean. The flight left on time and the pilot addressed us in the terminal which we thought was nice and reassuring. We boarded with no problems, carry on baggage was tight as usual, however the flight crew"
Dirty but comfortable seats. Great “More Space” experience,I purchased an Even More Space seat so I could board early enough to find overhead space for my carry-on. So much legroom! Seats were dirty looking but they were comfortable. Attendants were very low energy. Snacks were ok
Very Nice Airline !!,"Fast, efficient, friendly, economical, have been flying Jetblue for as long as they have been flying out of JFK. Very happy with the service."
Love Jet Blue!,"This was my families first time flying JetBlue and it was one of our best flying experiences. The service was top notch. Not to mention we had more leg room than most economy seats on other airlines, I love that we actually had seat assignments and didn't have to hope to get"
First time on JetBlue...very good!,"My son and his gf went to FL over Thanksgiving and they booked Jetblue out of Albany, NY to FLL. He is tall and said the seats had good leg space, it was comfortable, and everything was on time. No issues."
Tough to fly,"The seats are so cramped my circulation was stopping. You can't be over 5' and fly with any sense of comfort today. Otherwise, the flight was good and on time. P.S. Seat was worn out and caved in due to years of use."
So glad they're now flying out of FLL to BGI (Barbados),"We used to drive to Miami to catch AA flights to BGI, but AA invariably messed up connections returning to the USA. The drive to Ft. Lauderdale is no longer from our home than the one to Miami; the JetBlue flights are WAY cheaper than American's (we literally bought TWO tickets"
JetBlue from Worcester MA,"Great flight option. Easy airport to drive to. Easy, low cost parking. Easy check-in. Flight was delayed but arrived on time. Very convenient. Complimentary snacks were nice. Included entertainment (TV, movies, music)"
Good flight,"Westchester Airport is convenient, JetBlue flight departed on time without any problems. Flight staff were attentive and courteous, Flight was comfortable. I would recommend."
Trip to Vegas,Very comfortable seating in coach and I am 6’. Each seat has its own Screen to view whatever you would like. Snacks are varied and it’s nice to have something besides a tiny bag of pretzels for such a long trip. Flight attendants were very accommodating and I would say the
Great service and comfortable seats,"I had a great flight with them, they were able to give me extra drinks and snacks and overall the flight was very smooth. I typically fly JetBlue now because I find their fares to be reasonable, the seats are a decent size and I haven't had a bad experience yet with them."
My favorite airline,"JetBlue is always my first choice. It is the most civilized of all the airlines that I have flown recently. Altho', Southwest is running a close second now (hadn't been in the past). Flights are almost always on time or early. But, if are delayed you are well-informed so you"
Good Airline,I love flying JetBlue out of Long Beach. Easy in and out...Not crowded...Usually have no problems at all...Last flight to Sacramento the pilot was ill and we were delayed over 2 hours while waiting for a pilot to fly down from Oregon. I thought that was a little nuts when there
Amazing! Service and amenities were a pleasant surprise!,"In an age where everything costs extra, JetBlue goes beyond other airlines. Really nice crew and they actually served Dunkin Donuts coffee! YAY! They had me at hello with that one! Also they actually served a snack, and not just some stale pretzels. They had those amazing"
On time and uneventful.,"Short and sweet. Ahead of schedule, easy check-in. And with customs & immigration in Nassau before boarding, arrival back in the U.S. was a breeze!"
TRUE BLUE FLYER,we are sure blue members and have been for quite sometime. Always try to fly JETBLUE on domestic flights.
JetBlue is the bees knees,"I fly cross country a few times a month for work and always choose JetBlue. They have by far, the most leg room in economy. They also seem to have a number of new aircraft with excellent in flight WiFi, outlets to charge devices, and a self service snacks! I’d never say I enjoy"
Pleasantly surprised,"For the first time in decades, I chose to fly JetBlue, and to my surprise and relief it was a good experience. Unlike it's rival airlines - the crew were actually nice, super efficient, relaxed and professional in their conduct. The crew, being so passed this general relaxed"
Best and only nonstop from Boston to aruba,Free movies and WiFi until out of range.....if you are tall pay the difference for the exit sit row for more leg space...fastest ride to Aruba approx 4 hours....attendants are professional but friendly......been flying JetBlue omaruba for over 10 years and had no
First Experience...Won't be the Last,"Great price, easy boarding, plenty of room and friendly crew. JFK terminal is a little short on places to sit for a bite to eat, but you don't have to walk miles to get to a gate. Easy deplaning, short walk to baggage claim and car rental desk was close within the terminal in"
"Flying this airline since they started from San Jose, CA","Red-eye flights are never fun, but they make you feel comfortable. And love the fact that each seat has its own TV and free Wi-Fi. They also never over-book so there is no issue with seating, etc."
"Great Direct FLight JFK to Bridgetown , BArbados","I've taken this flight 2 years in a row, awesome service and only approximately 4 hours and your in Paradise. Seats are very spacious, free TV and snacks/drinks in economy. Since this trip was so pleasant, I have started to use JetBlue more often."
The Mint experience,I am not a regular jet blue flier but I was intrigued by the mint class. The layout was 2x2 and one row of 1 I had the single seat on the right hand side. It was very spacious and I had a nice ledge along the window with enough space for laptop iPad work area without using the
Beginning and End of Vacation,"My wife and I have flown JetBlue several times and have never been disappointed. They are clean, on time, friendly staff and really good snack selection. The seats seem to be a little larger and they have more leg room"
Another excellent experience flying on jetblue,Fast check in using kiosks. On time departures as always. Roomy seats and great entertainment. Always a good experience.
"Costa Rica, here we come !","I thought this airline is the same as the ""Spirit"" because of the cheap price. I was WRONG. When I called to reserve our seats, the staff was happy to do that on the phone. She was very accommodating. It was free! No charge for the seat! It was my first surprise. They had"
"Flight to Orlando,Florida",Flight was on time. JetBlue has more leg room than other airlines. Easy check in. Good service. Flight attendants were very professional and courteous.
Round trip LAX to JFK,"It wasn't really Economy but they don't have a selection here for ""Even More Room"" available on JetBlue. What it is basically is like Business Class I guess. There is definitely more leg room and more perks. You get one free checked bag on each leg of your trip plus you still"
"On time, great crew.","I continue to be impressed by JetBlue's efficiency and the quality of their crews. The plane was clean, wifi worked, and in addition to the regular beverage and chips service, meals/snacks were available to purchase since we were travelling over the dinner hour. During our"
My favorite airline over the years,"JetBlue has been my first choice to fly to JFK, for more than decade now. Whenever I need to fly to New York, either for personal or business purpose, I'll go to JetBlue first. Only if their ticket gets too expensive, then I'll try other airlines. Bigger legroom, flexible"
JetBlue always my first choice,"Both legs of this trip were smooth and on time--in fact, we arrived early both on the flight out and the flight back to NYC. JetBlue has the best service at reasonable prices."
"Best Airline, Love JetBlue","This was the first half of a round trip to Orlando. I always fly JetBlue when i can, they are the best airline, period. I have never had delayed flight, lost luggage or a rude flight attendant. All of the employees encountered from check in, to gate crew to flight crew, the"
Great Flights,My wife and I flew JetBlue nonstop to Ft. Lauderdale on 10/17. The flight was great. The return flight was also. We will definitely fly JetBlue again.
Always Great,Always a good experience flying with JetBlue. However they need to take a serious look at their Jamaican employees in Kingston. Beware of thieves! Especially if you decide to check on your carry on. They tend to target those. So overall a good experience but each time I fly to
Holiday Flight,Flight was on time and smooth. Short flight to Long Beach from Sacramento. We will fly JetBlue again.Thank you
Sit Back and Relax!!,"Although The flight was delayed, it was rather pleasant. The flight crew was extremely kind and helpful in making the travelers comfortable, especially traveling with two kids. The spacious and cushioned seats made the long flight easier. The plane was clean and the overall"
Smooth Flying,JetBlue provides the most consistent service. Roomy seats and the tv make it a pleasure to fly them wherever they fly. I have been a long time fan
Comfortable with great service,I appreciated the extra legroom that JetBlue has in all of their seats. The flight attendants were attentive and appeared to enjoy their work.
Mint for NY/Cali is the only way to go,I have taken this route about 15 times in the last couple of years and JetBlue Mint is the only way to take this trip. The service and comfort factor is far superior to Virgin 1st. There are numerous flights a day and the value is off the charts.
My airline of choice,For the last 5 years I have only flown to JetBlue destinations (unless I am going to the UK)...No issues with service or seating...Attendants are always courteous. On my last trip the connecting flight from Boston to JFK was delayed but we notified & updated by Jetblue on the
Reliable airline,"My husband and i travel often to Lake Tahoe, Ca. to visit our youngest son. It is a long travel anyway going this distance. Both my husband and i have long legs, so it is always worth the $$ to pay for extra space seats. The flight attendants are always pleasant.All we can say"
Great non-stop flight,Great flight ... left on time in both directions and was actually early both times!! Boarding was efficient and the crew was friendly as well.
travel 2 or 3 times a year for pleasure,Love a direct flight.Usually just over 3 hours and on time but have had a few problems with the 20 flights in the last 8 years. Mostly travel with a JetBlue vacation package. Use to love the first bag free but not anymore. Overhead is packed with oversize bags. Pay for a bag and
At JetBlue They Like What They Do,I like flying JetBlue. It's so easy to find and books flights online. Then I like using their app for keeping up to date with flight info and for accessing electronic boarding pass. All the staff have excellent customer service. As an anxious flyer I particularly like that the
Best domestic business class,"My son believed that JetBlue's Mint service was the best domestic business/first class. He was so right. The cabin service was attentive and friendly, the seat configuration comfortable, very roomy, with plenty of locations to tuck away books, headphones, etc...Bonus:"
Easy Flight,I like JetBlue because they offer more passenger space. I have flown other airlines and I find that I am the most comfortable on JetBlue. I find their staff to be courteous and helpful. I wish more airlines would follow JetBlue's lead in the airline industry. I also like
Loved the unlimited snacks and soft drinks.,"No surprises. Very efficient. Even though I didn't ask for more popcorn chips or diet soda, I could have. The crew was excellent as was the boarding process."
Top Flight Assistance,I needed wheel chair assistance and there were transporters at the departure check-in and also when I arrived at my destination. I was taken to my ride at the arrivals area and it was great. Kudos to JetBlue.
Air travel,I have traveled jetblue to Florida and have been satisfied with service. Delays are small and are infrequent. Getting on the plane is fast and easy. Discomfort on flight is most due to passenger either rude or cannot fit in seat. No disrespect but I had this happen to me and
Wish TrueBlue Flew Out of Bangor Maine,Flight left on time - very comfortable seats - arrived early. Great Flight - haven't said that for a while.
I'm a regular,JetBlue has become my favorite Airline. I am a regular from Pittsburgh to Ft Lauderdale. With JB6 I get extra Legroom; internet; and a direct flight. Out of 24 legs I have only been late once. Usually we arrive early.
"Smooth flight, easy check in, plenty of room in the extra space seats - almost as much as on Amtrak.","Check in is easy, personnel friendly, flight was smooth and uneventful and on time. Plus Terminal C at Logan has been refurbished considerably and offers a more pleasant environment than it used to. I fly JetBlue whenever possible."
Jetting with JetBlue,"The flight was on time, both leaving and arriving. It was a smooth flight. The crew were terrific. In all, no complaints. We chose extra legroom seats. We boarded first and disembarked first. I must also compliment the airport personnel in Barbados. We went through"
Excellent Service in First Class Fly Flat Seats,"My 16 year old daughter and I were very pleased with the attentiveness and care from the first class crew. It was wonderful to be able to sleep through the red-eye trip on fully ""lie-flat seats"". Unlike other airlines that we have travelled first class, they did not run out of"
Favorite LAX to NYC airline,I have purchased Extra Space Seats in Row 18E or 18F (A321) Extra Space seats also includes Extra Speed at gate check. 18E and 18F are center and window seat. There is no aisle seat. That area is set aside as a jump seat for the flight attendant. Plenty of legroom space. I
"Seamless Check in, Simple Process and Comfortable flight","I love flying JetBlue, and their FLYFi is just an added bonus! The check in is always seamless, the flight itself goes without a hitch! JEtBlue is my #1 American Airline, hands down"
Just right product,"I've made this flight a few times as well as used JetBlue to other destinations. I like the price, the leg space and the locations I fly through. A great price and a cramped seat are unaccepable to me. I also like the newer planes with solid entertainment systems compared to"
Stress Free,"We have flown Jet Blue to NYC for the past couple of years out of Charleston, but only recently tried flying out of Savannah. Navigating SAV is a breeze, parking is convenient and our flights, both ways, were on time. The flight time to NYC is identical to flying out of CHS and"
Love JetBlue,"I fly to Florida two to three times per year to visit my children and grandchildren. We used to use Southwest but, when JetBlue started service between the two locations, I thought I'd give it a try. I haven't been on another airline since. The staff, both on the ground and in"
"Nonstop via ""mint"" class is the best class!","New seats, new attitude, new menu ... couldn't ask for more! JetBlue, in economy class, is a fine airline, but in ""mint"" class it is superb."
Very Bad Experience with my Service Animal,"I had a terrible experience with jetBlue. An employee working the front desk before boarding was completely unwelcoming of my service dog and even told me that if she doesn't calm down, we will be removed from the flight. My service dog may have looked a little anxious, but it"
First time JetBlue flier.,It was my first time to fly on JetBlue and I was very satisfied with the experience. It was the most comfortable flight because I could stretch my legs as far as I could while sitting down. Departure was a little bit delayed but we still arrived in Ft Lauderdale ahead of
Mint is amazing!,"JetBlue's Mint service is, hands-down, the best domestic first-class experience. If it is offered on your route, and you can spring for it, take it! Service is great, seats are great, food is great, even nice amenities bag and special JetBlue mint cocktail. When I can get it,"
shocked and disappointed,"JetBlue has always been my first choice when traveling to FL or the Caribbeans. Flight attendants were always friendly & courteous, however, NOT this time around. My family and I were traveling back to NYC from Orlando on Thanksgiving Day and my brother was treated rudely by 2"
I cannot speak more highly of this airline.,"I cannot speak more highly of this airline. Recently spent some time in Maine & flew to Boston from Cleveland. I have flight anxiety, BUT this flight was so great. The staff were friendly & took their jobs seriously & acted so professionally & seemed to really care. The plane"
