Title,Review
Outstanding Flight Crew,"I have flown many times before, but I must say that flight #846 with JetBlue was awesome. What a friendly crew! Pilot did an outstanding job getting us to our destination safely and early. Big shout-out to Mateó. I like that you took the time to greet the passengers by name"
Always a great experience,They were very kind and really punctual. I appreciate that. Boarding was really in order and the flight attendants were top of the line. Only improvement area is the in fly internet. It was really complicated to use it and there were not really clear instructions. But for the
cheap but professional,we very very pleased to take our rounded trips with jetblue. professional service and smiling faces of the flight attendants made us feel great.
Seat Assignment on JetBlue is a racket to increase what you pay,"I just learned unless one buys a seat for significant incremental cost ($80+) on both legs of a flight, one is not guaranteed a seat. There is something called ""core"" seats that I am told do not cost additional money. However, there were no core seats available. But according to"
"Great service, comfortable seats!","This is a nice airline, the staff is really friendly and the seats on the aircraft are comfortable. Also you get all the beverages and chips your heart desires."
Great Flight,"Payed for longer leg room which was worth it. Seat was comfortable, tv worked well and my only suggestion is serving better snacks, maybe even muffins for those early flights."
Liars,"I have flown JetBlue a few times this past year and twice they cancelled my flight because of their error, causing me to have to rearrange my trips, incur hotel expenses, miss major events, and spend a ton of money and time rearranging things. Their customer service is a trash"
"Overall, great flying experience","Overall, it was a decent flying experience. The flight to Florida was 30 minutes delayed, but the staff did their best to make up for the lost time and remained upbeat despite the delay. Aside from the short delay, the flight was wonderful and we arrived in West Palm feeling"
Frequent Flier,"Return trip to Orlando from Boston. Direct flight, a little under 3 hours. Smooth flight, no turbulance. Drink and snacks provided. Seat-back TV helped make the trip enjoyable and not feel as long. $30 checked bag fee, not too bad. Two free carry-ons."
Always a good airline,"We flew direct from Albany to Ft. Lauderdale in August for vacation. While we were told we were delayed leaving due to storms (heard that Fl was clear from others on flight with relatives there), the airport was not landing any flights. This was in no way the airlines fault. "
JetBlue,"JetBlue is my preferred airline. They have always been on time, and even early on some occasions. I find their staff to be courteous and helpful."
Excellent crew,"We had a small dog, the flight was a little delayed on takeoff. Dog is under his seat and is very warm. He started to whine. Once we took off she calm down. The crew was very understanding and very cooperative with us. I would like to say thank you to the all"
Reign the skies,"Once again we chose JetBlue over other options. Why: top customer service, screen at every seat and comfortable seats. Why bother with any other airline?"
Jet Blue is at it again with their obnoxious damaged luggage policy,My family took the children on a trip to Disney August 2019. Initially we were slated to travel on American Airlines because i am Not a fan of Jet Blue but because Jet Blue travelled non stop and we had three little children with us I relented and changed the flight to Jet Blue.
Quick Flight,Excellent flights - both departure and return flights arrived approx 30 minutes early! They were both full flights - but what flights aren't these days.
Trip to NYC,We fly JetBlue every time we go to New York. They have fare prices and their point system is good. The light was go no events the snacks are good.
pilot,"So fun the pilot came out before we flew and greeted us all made some fun comments welcoming us on his plane, it was great and something I never experienced before."
jetBlue HAS LEFT ME JADED,"-I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND JETBLUE FOR YOUR TRAVEL NEEDS - Sadly, I needed to fly from Long Beach to Sacramento, due to a death in the family, I booked the flight quickly as one does in a situation like this, did not look at terms of canceling (MY FAULT). The plans changed from"
Best airline out there,"Have been flying JetBlue since 2013 and still have not been disappointed. They have very few delays, always accommodating, always trying to get you to where you are going. Once a flight was cancelled and they hired a bus to take us to another airport so we all got home that"
Clean plane and smooth flight,Really enjoy flying on JetBlue. Planes are clean and have TV's. Glad to be able to fly out of Westchester County with Non-Stop flights available.
Holiday travel,"We went last week to NOLA on JetBlue, with one connecting flight. Plane left on time for both flights and landed early. Staff were friendly and the inflight movie/tv selection was good. Plenty of leg room for everyone. Comfortable seats. I love JetBlue."
AIRLINE RUNAROUND MAKES A GREAT TRIP BAD,"I will literally never use Jetblue again if I can help it. Firstly, several customer service personnel at several counters said they could help with a baggage issue that occurred, only to find out later that they could not do what they promised, meaning we would possibly be"
Jet Blue,Early bird flight is an awesome flight to start enjoying your trip once you land. Since you have all day to do so. Jet Blue always accommodate your needs within reasons. Staffs are always courteous and professionals. Two thumbs up!!
"Awesome experience, best crew, and easy transition!","Jetblue consistently impresses me with their customer service. It took two minutes to fill out the $50 visa form to travel to Havana. Great staff on board, wonderful amenities. Quick flight. Great snacks :)"
october 2019,having used this airline before and had no problems we looked forward to our trip down to Orlando our flight was due to leave at 0615 on Sunday 6th October 2019 when we arrived at the boarding gate at 0550 expecting to board we were told we were the last to board and our carry
Dependable,Flew with extended family. Group representative arranged seats and flight times. Good contact followup.
"Did not tag bag, ruined Day One of vacation","4Oct19: 5 AM, Amanda Zaiter of Jet Blue did *not* tag my bride's bag. Wife near tears on Day One in Aruba. 4Oct19: Filed claim 5Oct19: JetBlue rallied and delivered bag to hotel"
Good and mostly reliable airline but JFK gate boarding staff was disrespectful,Relative easy check in and boarding experience. Only boarding agent at JFK NY made all passenger in last boarding sections gate check their bags. He claimed that all bins on plane were full which was a total lie. It turned out there was plenty of bin space. My carry on always
"Decent price, timely departure",Ooooooold planes. Armrests falling apart Entertainment system does not work. Rude flight attendants.
Great flights,"We have Nothing to complain about! We had a Great flight, the flights were On time and we had great service."
Flight home was 2 hours late,"Our flight to our destination was very easy, but our flight home was many hours of waiting in the airport. The plane was sent for maintenance so that it could not leave on time. The airline had to find a replacement plane to get us out. It was so many hours of waiting and not"
Good flight,"Our first time flying JetBlue. Very good experience. Food for purchase, as well as free can of soda & choice of snacks. Alcohol is also available for purchase. Comfortable seats, more leg room than other airlines. Good choice of entertainment, with a screen on the back of the"
Trip to Sacramento,"Found a very reasonable rate from Priceline, my wife & I were in seperate seats to sacramento, then we sat next to each other on the way back. For $167.00 per passenger round trip it was a very ggod buy. JetBlue is very linient about carry ons and personal bags, unlikle some"
Great experience,"In the days of no ""extras"" at all JetBlue is a breath of fresh air. Seat back entertainment and snakes. Oh did I mention they let you have the full can of soda???"
Problems with Golf equipment,Problems with Golf equipment. According to regulations 1 golf set can be checked in as luggage without oversize problem. Bought a carton a golf store they use to ship equipment to customers. Surprise surprise that is ok with flight in the US but on my flight I had to undue the
Great flight to FLA!,"JetBlue TVs, extra leg room and free drinks and snacks is the way to travel to FLA. I was able to watch my favorite hockey team on my flight which has an extra surprise. You can ask for more than one snack as well."
Tooooooo bad experience with JetBlue,"This JetBlue is the worst airline I have experienced. I had the flight with JetBlue on 16 August. When I reached Detroit, I didn't receive of one of my Suitcases (it had 23.5 kg weights). At the airport, I filled the form to track the status of my bag. From that time unitl now,"
Uncomfortable,"Really uncomfortable, I will always take Spirit over this airline. Both are budget but Spirit has comfortable seats and cheery flight crew. JetBlue has not."
2 hours late,"Delayed flight and then switched my seat without notification. Then would not allow me to pay for an upgrade. I’ll be flying another carrier from now on. "
fly anywhere with jetblue and arrive on time,The departure and arrival experiences went smoothly. The staff was courteous and helpful. The snacks were good choices.
Nice Flight,"This review is for comparable budget airlines. Flight out of Denver was on time and no big problems. Flew on the A320 aircraft, not JetBlue updated version, in aisle seat, for budget airline had descent leg room. As normal the seats were not the most comfortable, but that's the"
Nice service,"That's my first boarding to the airline company. Until boarding to the plane, I didn't have good image to such LCC airline company. But all crews were super friendly and the flight time was so comfortable with free wi-fi."
“something messed up with the computer”,"just waited on a plane for an hour before they admitted that the plane was broken for some inexplicable reason. just announced that although the flight was delayed an hour it will “probably be later”. terrible communication, faulty equipment, and a ruined weekend without any"
Great Flight,"Through rough weather, safe landing. Seriously, Florida was experiencing a tropical cyclone and the pilot was quite proficient."
Not the flight we expected. The flight we deserved?,We'd arrived at Logan for a flight to Newark. Seeing a two-hour delay (it was a very windy day) I noticed the flights for JFK were on time. A visit to the JetBlue Just Ask desk got us transferred to this flight (with a surprise free upgrade to Even More Space seats) with
Ultimate Customer Care,"The leg room is good. However, customer service is why I love flying JetBlue! I would only fly another airline if JetBlue doesn’t fly to that destination. Can’t wait to fly to Europe with JetBlue"
I LOVE JETBLUE!,"I Love Jetblue! I have flown this airline 7 times within the past year and they do not disappoint! Thank you for being a par above other brands and keeping your prices low! The snack offerings are wonderful - including gluten free options. Check-in is amazing, staff is amazing,"
On time direct flights are terrific,"JetBlue is convenient either from Hartford or Westchester. NY. Comfortable seats, decent snacks, great crew that are always smiling. You do have to be aware that JetBlue is not the most economical airline especially for seniors or if you are flying on holidays. You have to look"
Jetblue,Great experience w JetBlue. Flew economy. Sat in the exit row. Lots of legroom. Snack. You have the option to purchase lunch/dinner. Friendly staff. The way to go is def Jetblue
Accommodating,"I flew the ""redeye"" . Very accommodating. The movie, snack/food, the TV directly in front of me was very nice. I was able to get some work done and get a little shut eye as well. The crew was nice, but most important this was the first time I flew red eye and it was"
Always a consistent experiencw,"JetBlue is always my favorite domestic airline to fly. I took an early morning flight from Boston to DCA (4:55 am flight) and we got there ahead of schedule. Smooth sailing the whole way, plenty of legroom, and no absolutely no issues. What more can you ask for at that hour?"
"JetBlue Always, Great!","jetBlue is my favorite airlines, the best value for your buck. Traveling for business every week can get tiring but jetBlue takes the stress out of my weekly commute. Worth every penny."
First time on Jet Blue,It was an awesome trip. On time and plenty of leg room. We did not feel cramped at all. Attendants were great. Flew from Detroit to Boston then changed planes and on to Aruba. Highly recommend Jet Blue.
Family vac,"Great service, reasonable fare. Flight delayed couple of hours, no notification provided ahead, scheduled fir 6:20am departed at 9am, would have appreciated notice so we didn’t have to get there so early"
Cancelled flight,"Understandable that weather like a non existent windy bomb cyclone in NYC cancelled the flight (note: United flew into Newark around the same time), but to rebook me on the next day on a connecting flight (had a nonstop) and put me to the last row when the even more space rows"
Always a wonderful flight,"The flight was wonderful, but we did have a 45-minute delay for something to do with the screens. I didn't appreciate that we sat on the plane and waited. Delays have happened to us in the past and once sat on the plane for 1-1/2 hours. NOT a fun experience! They delayed it"
West palm beach round trip...,The whole airport experience was nothing like it is hyped up to be...Yes the screening is more ridgid but it is for our protection and I don't mind it I was through the screening and on the plane in less than a half hour.....Just enough time to grab a coffee and use the restroom
JetBlue Airways Manage Booking Call Now 1-888-540-7192,"JetBlue Airways Manage Booking Call Now 1-888-540-7192 This is true for most U.S. airlines including JetBlue: Cheapest days to fly: Usually Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays. JetBlue fare sales often restrict travel to those days booking your flight and get the best service"
Not bad for a redeye!,"JetBlue is a solid airline with good service and easy connection between major cities. Seats are comfy and even though it’s always tough to get sound sleep, the attendants make it very accommodating."
Airport marathon,First time flying with Jetblue. Wife and I going to a family wedding in Portland. So we awoke at 2.45am to check in at 4 am for a 6 am departure. Plane seats were doing and let space was quite comfortable as advertised. This was a pleasant surprise! Attendants were
Legroom,"Comfy as usual. It's nice to have full size soda ( unlike S.West) Smooth flight, friendly staff. Easy to sleep. No wait for the wheelchair Assistance."
Always good legroom,"Short ride because this was a layover connection. Only downside; My screen didn't work, but it was ok. The flight staff were so amazing. Christian was the best. So attentive and funny."
"Very good, but not great","JetBlue has long been my airline of choice for a variety of reasons. For this business trip I purchased Even More Space/Speed on the way don to Tampa and it was well worth it; however, the tv at my seat was out the entire flight. As that is a major selling point and"
Great flight! Even got in earlier than expected!,"Plenty of leg room, got in earlier than expected. Only complaint is when watching the tv with earphones the pilot blasts your ears it's so loud with constant updates."
"Good Flight, roach on plane - no bueño","We fly JetBlue a lot and normally have an easy flight. Unfortunately, through no fault of the airline, passengers took our seats before us so that families with small children could sit together. This happened both ways! Not great, but we accommodated them. What was horrible was"
Decent flight,"Great flight out of a small airport (Long Beach, CA). Departed on time and arrived early. Decent amount of entertainment options--I like that DirecTV is available, a bunch of people were watching a game at the same time so you could hear cheering/sighing throughout the cabin,"
JetBlue employees are NOT LGBTQ friendly .. JetBlue used to be so different what happened,I will NEVER fly with JetBlue EVER again.. my first flight was delayed.. the second flight (when I finally found the gate after several incorrect ones being posted) I was told it was too late and I my fiancé and I would not be allowed on (we’re same sex and African American) and
New favorite,"Great flights! Nice, clean planes with free seat back TV and lots of leg room. Love the boarding process of window seats first, then middle, then aisle seats. Flights on time, both ways. A representative met the plane at the gate when we landed in Cleveland, and walk with"
JetBlue to Aruba,Our flight on JetBlue was perfect. We took off on time and arrived early on our arrival flight and our departure flight we departed early and arrived early. The staff couldn't have been accommodating. Will fly JetBlue again!
jetblue direct,traveling with Jetblue was great had a direct flight to aruba so nice to get on the plane then off at vacation totally great. had a small problem with seating call Jetblue an in 5 min solved
JetBlue Mint,"Our recent trip to Barbados started out great. Check in was a breeze. Early boarding,food selection and drinks ok. When we arrived in Barbados we had hired a service to expedite customs and immigration. Now comes the wait for luggage 20 minutes pass now come 40 bags of non mint"
Jetblue,Friendly attendants. Great seat you have room in front of you. You also have a tv in headrest in front of you. Free chips and soda.
JetBlue first timer (and not last),"First time on JetBlue and won't be the last. Was very happy with the overall experience. Everything went as well as could be expected as far as JetBlue was concerned. Both flights were smooth, communication from pilot was on point, and service by attendants was very good. "
Quite comfortable,I always travel on Jetblue because it's affordable. So I know what to expect. I do wish the check in the US was easier and straightforward. Fling to FL wasnt bad but it was coming back that wasn't. Although we checked online we still had to go to the counter because the airline
Very Comfortable,"Great crew and tasty snacks! Will fly JetBlue again, only airline I will fly with. Seat are comfortable and bathrooms are clean."
Better than Most,JetBlue is a solid choice for flying. Good communication with delays and friendly service. In flight entertainment is a plus and the snacks offered are good.
Non stop from Fort Lauderdale to Providence on flights 1196 and returning on 1197 always the best way to visit home.,I love JetBlue. From the non stop service to the free TV and wifi it's the best value for my trips home.
Always consistent,"JetBlue is our airline. Since our first trip in 2013 we have never even considered another airline. The flight is comfortable though long (not their fault), but the time goes quickly with on board entertainment. We do upgrade to extra legroom seats not that I've found the others"
insurance,do not purchase the insurance!!! total scam. you get it thinking you can change your flight with ease and you cant. you will have to spend more money and pray the insurance qualifies you for reimbursement. what a joke
Best Airline,I've never had a bad flight with JetBlue and my latest was no exception. Was on a nice brand new plane for both legs of my connection and my seat felt super roomy. Love the snacks and SO many movie options to choose from. Made a 5 hour flight feel like 1. The best!
Customer Service Lacking - with one exception,"The service on our flight to Boston was good but the only bad thing was we were in the very last row and although I had a window seat, there was no window. Since it was our first time in Boston, it would have been nice to see the city as we arrived. When we left Boston we had"
Amazing airline,Amazing airline lots of room great customer service. Highly recommend. Seats are comfortable. Some have the tv in the back of the seat so you can watch a movie
"Not bad, but not what it used to be","It seems to me that JetBlue is gradually but steadily sliding downhill. I hope not, but I may soon have to be comparing it with American Airlines -- yuck. Yes, there is more legroom, which is important, and nothing terrible happened really, but two things. First and foremost"
Quick business trip,Flight left on time and we arrived thirty minutes early. Terrific flight crew as well as the other passengers.
Flight crew worse then the 2 hour delay,We started out with an hour delays flight 319 FLL SLC 10/14/19. After finally boarding and sitting for some time in the aircrafts we saw OPS walk down the isle of the plane ... not good. Come to find out that during the loading of beverages and snacks they broke a latch that
Helped us leave Ecuador,We had to change our outgoing location from Guayaquil to Quito due to the unrest against the goverment.I was traveling with my parents and 2 children. We had a flight from Cuenca to Quito and the flight was one hour and 18 minutes late. Jetblue got our luggage on our flight and
NY escape,"jetBlue will always be my top choice to fly, the usually have good prices if you look and plan your trip with time... now when you say expensive BOOM they are expensive, so always be on the lookout and plan your ""escapes"" with time. They offer great info prior, during and post"
Free WiFi and unlimited snacks!,Would recommend all to JetBlue. The free WiFi while in the United States as well as the unlimited snacks separated them from other airlines. Cost of flights were respectable too!
Normally fly jetblue but last flight was TERRIBLE,"I normally fly Jetblue for both business and personal and I typically have a pleasant experience. This particular flight was extremely turbulent for what I feel was an extended period of time, well over an hour probably closer to 2 hours. The flight was so turbulent that no"
Jet Blue DCA to Montego Bay,"Flight was on time, seats were decent, snacks and soda were free. Flight was smooth as were takeoffs and landing, no delays. However any safe flight I believe is a good flight."
Jet Blue light JFK to Aruba,"Flight was on time, seats were fairly decent, snacks and soda were free. Flight was smooth as were takeoffs and landing, no delays. Checked bags were $30 each, not so good but all airlines are squeezing checked bags. Annoying things were the add on convenience items that they"
Family trip,My family and I had such a great experience flying jet blue! It happened to be my parents and brothers first time flying and they were very nervous. The fact that the airline sold headsets to be able to plug in and watch a movie really helped them calm their nerves and they even
"Rude staff, Jet Blue app not working, disrespect.","I ve never in my life experienced a company that disrespects the time and needs of their paying customers. I had booked a $250 one way ticket to Chicago for Saturday early morning with Jet Blue as I had a very important professional meeting, I had decided to go a long time ago."
Try another company,7 hours of delay without an apology. Broken TV's on the flight. A flight attendant that seemed to hate everyone. Windows so dirty on the inside that you couldn't see out of. Won't be flying JetBlue ever again.
Normal Flight,"It was on time, and it was a normal flight. There was some manageable turbulence. Had a go-around once and ended up with pleasant landings, and pilots did not scare passengers about the bad weather at the landing site. Flight attendants were polite and did not disturb sleeping"
Leg Room,Easy check in. Able to switch seats. On time. Lots of leg room. Great snacks and cordial staff. I will fly this airline more often.
Good value,Very pleasant experience. Lovely check in staff and air crew. Lots of legroom. Nice clean aircraft. Departed and landed on time. Good selection of free snacks and beverages. Good selection of in flight entertainment. When did airlines start charging for pillows blankets and
Better experience,"I like JETBLUE , got offered extra legroom for not a lot of money , friendly personnel and on time flight"
Scary trip,To start the red headed girl at the counter was too busy watching videos on her phone to pay attention to her surrounding and the safety of the people at the gate. Then the girl on the flight who states she is an attendant was rude and moving people belongings without even
JetBlue is the Best!!,JetBlue is always our first choice to fly. Flights are always on time and flight crews are awesome! The larger seats are also a great plus! In-flight TV is especially enjoyable as I've had issues on other airlines trying to access the In-flight TV and that is a must for me
Usual flight,I take this flight about 8 times a year. Every time I take it it’s always on time. I can only remember flight once where we were taxiing down the tarmac and we had to turn around due to a medical issue with the co-pilot. Planes have always been clean and flight attendants
Even More Speed needs Even More TSA agents who know what it is,Both New Orleans and Denver have sent me back to the end of the regular line on more than one occasion when trying to use Even More Speed. And who is going to argue with TSA? Boston is great but these other airports need JetBlue to step it up with TSA.
Great flight on new A320,"If you have the chance to fly aboard the A320, do so! Excellent leg room, seats are more comfortable and the storage is excellent. The flight was delayed but this was due to bad weather in Boston.. no big deal. The crew was excellent and the flight seemed to take no time at all."
Excellent flight,"Excellent flight - departed on time, arrived a little ahead of schedule. Flight crew and attendants were great... Ground staff were very good as well in Boston. The on board entertainment was above average..."
Convince Me,"I need convinced that we should use JetBlue in the future. We live in Pittsburgh and have used JetBlue for 99% of our travels. December 2018, Pgh to Naussu. We missed our connection in Lauderdale by less than 10 min due to a mech problem in Pgh before we left. Eight people for"
Flight Crew.,The crew on our flight to Orlando were great and on our return flight were just as great. I would fly Jet Blue again and would recommend them to any on of my friends. Jet Blue should be proud of them.
On flight entertainment!,"I had the middle seat. The two passengers in front (middle one empty) watched movies the whole 4+ hours. One watched sex porn showing a couple in bed thrusting and banging each other, in the nude suggestively several times over the length of the movie. The other passenger"
Flight to NOLA,"JetBlue has become one of my favorite airlines to travel with. They have great customer service, the seats are a bit roomier than other airlines, and I’m a big guy so that matters. I’m also quite tall and appreciate the extra leg room.. the offer of upgrading to a roomier seat"
I am Jet Blue fan. Fly nonstop to SFO to visit grandchildren. Nice new plane,"Always a good experience, but for the return flight home and for the second time in a row, my TV did not work. I am a reader so no big deal, and I accepted a cocktail for the inconvenience. The flight attendant did find me an aisle seat, like the one I was in with an"
JetBlue nonstop JFK—> St Maarten,"Best RT nonstop, on-time service from JFK/St Maarten/JFK. Convenient time schedule with professional crew."
If I could give them a negative review I would!!,"I arrived to my gate at the exact time of the gate closure and they would not let me on. Claimed the pilot ""already had his numbers"". I will never use them again!"
Airline that remembers what customer service is,"I took a red eye flight from Denver to Boston first. Wow, I got on the plane and everyone got a eye blinder to take a nap on the flight. It was sitting in my seat when I got on. Slept most of the time. The next flight to Santo Domingo when I was awake noticed flight"
Nothing to complain,"Excellent boarding, on time, felt safe, good service, perfect disembarking, nice crew, fast baggage at destination"
Flying to cruise port,Flew from NY to Fl to cruise. Great flight. Flight attendants were very friendly. Free beverage and snacks
LOVE JETBLUE!!,"JetBlue is very reasonable when it comes to pricing and the service and staff is just superb!! I have not had one bad experience with them, the leg room they give you is so much better than any other airline and the in flight entertainment is amazing!"
Perfect Flight,"We flew from Rochester, NY to NYC, then from NYC to Seattle, WA...the flights left on time and arrived on time. The staff at the airports were very helpful, and friendly, and the staff on the plane were very friendly, yet professional. I would recommend Jetblue to family and"
Excellent,"My husband and I had a wonderful flight! We will defiantly fly jet Blue again. The crew was so friendly and kind, top notch service! The polite was great, very nice and very informative."
"THE WORST AIRLINE AND CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER, wouldn’t recommend to anyone. I recommend for you to AVOID them!!!!","We were delayed 5 hours and 7 minutes flying from Orlando to DC. It was not related to weather, as very few other flights surrounding us were delayed. We were told that the plane we were supposed to be on was coming from Nassau and was delayed, so we were then put on a different"
Good flights always and usually on time,"I have been flying Jet Blue for the last 20 years and have always had good flights and usually on time back and forth from Florida to New York. Unfortunatly, the only bank they use for their frequent flyers is Barclaycard which is the worst credit card ever. Their customer"
Love Jetblue,"Flew to Cancun from JFK late August, my daughters and I took an early morning flight. Staff on the ground and on flight friendly and helpful, the flight left on time and arrived early at our destination. Return flight was also good, we have traveled to different countries to"
jet blue vacations,booked family vacation on jet blue vacations and definitely saved money by not booking separately . I also add a car rental with hotel and saved. upgraded to Mint with savings which was a first class experience. I might sound like a commercial but I booked with my jet blue
On Time and Convenient,Jet Blue is a reliable and professional Airline that we fly as often as it is available tour destination. We always appreciate their non-stop service.
Great flight across the country.,"My wife and I are from the state of New York. Occasionally we need to travel to Los Angeles to visit my wife's sister. Our flight back from Los Angeles to Buffalo New York, was great. We were on a very new plane from JetBlue, the televisions were great. They were brand-new the"
BEWARE OF JET BLUE BAGGAGE POLICY (OVERWEIGHT),"Jet Blue states on its website that an overweight bag is $150; however, when you check in an overweight bag, JetBlue charges you $30 for the ""first bag"" PLUS the $150 because the bag is overweight for a TOTAL of $180 for one overweight bag."
"Jet Blue, the best of the best",Many trips to and from Newark NJ to Delray Beach FL. The best in legroom and the best of the best in customer service
Rude people,After a 17 hour flight I booked a flight from Sydney to Melbourne to get home after a business trip. I was randomly selected twice to be searched. I finally get onto the plane and into my seat when an employee came to me and said that I would need to leave because of a battery
Very angry paying extra for legroom when others don't have to,I flew from Boston to Aruba. I paid extra for my husband and I to have extra legroom as my husband has a leg injury. Only to find out the guy next to me sat next to us but did not pay for the extra room. He saw the seat next to us was open and took it. Flight attendants should
"Amazing service, smiley staff, Wifi + dogs...what else you need?","We haven't flight with them, that was our first experience. Flight was on time to Miami and back also. It was a std. Airbus and has a very good leg room for no extra money. Pets allowed, so we had a very cute new friend on our trip. The stewardess on the plane was so lovely!!"
Great Staff & unlimited snacks and beverages,"What a great flight. We hate flying at night, but it was doable with quiet and helpful staff. We had a round trip and both times pleasant. Wonderful that they give you unlimited snacks and beverages - help yourself half way through flight. Don't like that they have people"
My preferred Airline,"Best airline for tall people who need leg room. Even if you do not pay for an extra room seat, you will have enough room to fit your feet and backpack. I cannot function without the internet or flight tracker. These planes all have it. Engines are quiet and staff are always"
Flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Richmond VA and return,First time flying JetBlue. It was a very nice experience. There is more legroom than on other airlines. The flight attendants were very professional and attentive during the flights. I would highly recommend this airline. Their flight schedule is a little limited depending where
Old reliable,"Comfortable seating, great web site for easy booking. Phone alerts, and easy to use phone app. Clean planes, great flight attendants. Flight was leaving late and they gave us free pre packaged meals for free. Always had a pleasant flight with jet blue."
Good Airline,"Jet blue provides on time service, snacks and good customer service. A reasonable priced airline with a few perks."
All good,"Great Airline. No complaints. Free WiFi, snacks, and drinks. Nota cattle car like AmericanAirlines. awe willl always take JetBlue from now on."
Surprised,"Happily surprised. Great service provided by the flight attendants, WiFi and entertainment during the flight, and even snacks. The only bad side was that I got the last seat because I checked in late af."
Fast!,"It was honestly a very good and organized flight, both ways the boarding started right on time, and both flights reached their destination ahead of the scheduled time."
Worst customer service,"Worst experience by far today. I always fly JetBlue. In fact usually the ONLY airline I fly. Today I experienced the WORST customer service at Orlando airport JetBlue employees, Bobbie and Jason 'jay'"
Nice clean flight,"The flight was great. Got off on time. The plane was clean as well as the bathrooms. Customs at the airport was like always, crowed and long lines but thats government at work. (No lines at our southern borders) Bags arrived OK and with ne delays."
Excellent experience,"Yesterday my family flew from San Francisco to JFK in Jet Blue’s Mint Class, aka Business class. Our crew was led by Stephen and Rosa. They were professional and accommodating, as well as charming. The seats are comfy and the single pod set up is the best. The only complaint"
"Fasten Your Seat Belts, It was a Bumpy Ride","The flight hit a lot of turbulence, Otherwise it was a great flight, great service. Extra leg room is way to go."
Truly cares about its customers,I have been flying Jetblue for years and I consistently experience top notch service.I first started flying Jetblue when I moved to DC for college and their DCA to JAX flight was always well priced. My last flight with Jetblue was this past weekend to Montego Bay. It's the
Mrs,This airline is one of my favorite! They always treat me like family. Customer service is always far and beyond. I’m so happy to fly with jet Blue my Mike is the best ! Thanks jet blue for always giving the best
GREAT,"Excellent service....Timely take-off ....Perfect Timing........Keep it Up.... Very Professional attitude & behavior, by staff...."
Can't Beat Aruba Nonstop from Boston,"Our flights in both directions were perfect, excellent service, on time arrivals, friendly staff. The point of this review is too suggest people from Boston take the nonstop flights. The 7 am flight from Boston gets you in Aruba in time for lunch. We heard bad stories from"
Non Stop Flight,"My husband and I flew from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Albany, New York on JetBlue. We couldn’t pass up the great deal ($89. each-one way) or the non stop flight. Our flight was great! Flight crew was friendly, seats are spacious and clean. They do have extended leg room seats"
JetblueB6 386 BGI - FLL 9/17/19,"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
Flight was on time but very basic,"Good weather and low demand time assured that this midday Sunday flight was on time However TV did not work at my and many other seats Wi Fly took forever to open, and it did not offer anything except shopping on Amazon Drinks are becoming smaller and smaller less than 1/2 cup"
Jetblue service B6 386 BGI-FLL 9/17/19,"Check in was quick and easy. Boarding orderly and seem quick efficient as the full flight was boarded and ready to taxi quite fast. Onboard seats were ok considering it was an old aircraft, generous legroom. Flight attendants were friendly, engaging and very informative."
Easy in and out,"JetBlue is always an easy flight, check in 24 hours in advance, pay for luggage, arrive at airport and you are on your way."
Jetblue,"Omg I had such a great experience flying with Jetblue. Checking was super easy, flight was on time and the seats on the aircraft was very roomy. I traveled with my boyfriend who is a very big guy and he was very comfortable on the plane. Our trip was worth every penny and we"
Quite Nice,Seemed a little more leg room. Leather seats. Display screen with many options to watch or listen but be sure to bring your listening device or pay an arm and a leg to get one.
Efficient Friendly Comfortable,"I continue to be impressed by JetBlue. Round trip Boston to San Francisco. Lots of leg room, great service and ON TIME. What more can you ask for?"
My Last 2 trips,"Although the flights over the last 4 years were nonstop, It would be better if I flown during the day instead of at night landing in Reno, and landing in the morning back at JFK on a red eye flight. There should be a daytime flight direct and nonstop."
Nothing like a mint flight on JetBlue!!,"Lay down relax and enjoy the flight!! Flying mint is the way to go. The seat layout to full beds and the massage you !! And the food is yummy!! You get three different small plates!! Best thing and you can’t mess is their signature cocktail get that with or without vodka I "
"Terrible customer service the wait times are outrageous and still no help with booking, jetblue is terrible now!","Would like to book a flight but I can’t! Ridiculous I don’t have time to wait on the phone for an hour, get it together jetblue"
Comfortable safe flight,"Comfortable seats,clean,pleasant flight attendants,direct flight. WiFi is free with jet blue card. Only negative was red eye flight home where flight attendent was talking loud to another passenger for some time disrupting my sleep."
Delays,"While en route to Logan airport for my Jetblue flight today, I get an email that my flight to JFK is delayed by two hours — I would then miss my connecting flight to Albuquerque. The agent was very helpful and put us on the earlier flight which was supposed to leave at 1:30pm"
no customer service,"on our flight the monitor didn't work at my seat. . the flight attendants were less than helpful.After three different attendants hit the, reset button, to no avail, offered no recourse . No seat change,no offering any extra drinks or snacks. They were fine with me flying from"
Horrible experience! Worse than spirit and frontier!!,What a Surprise it was for me to finally fly jet blue. When I looked for my airplane tickets I had options that went from $20 to the most expensive which was 69 and the $69 1 is the one I picks because I thought you know what I've never flown jetblue before and let me see if
Among the best US flight experiences,"Easy online check-in and paying for additional luggage. Competent service at Sea-Tac. Enough pitch between seats, even in economy. And punctual take-off and landing."
"Great, as always","No shock why Jet Blue continues be a superb airline. The attendants were friendly, Helpful and cheery. Snacks are bottomless and there is plenty of leg room. I am cane disabled and there is never a problem pre-boarding. We prefer to travel Jet Blue whenever possible."
Not the greatest,"Expected much better service. Cold, unfriendly service by the cabin attendants. Check-in was good. On-time flight. Dirty cabin & washrooms."
"On Time and On Schedule! Wow, what an Airline!",Haven’t flown JetBlue before. This is for flights 1853 and 88 on 10/3/19. I had no idea what I was missing. Both flights (from Jax to FLL and from FLL to Albany) were on time (or less time than promised.). Boarding was quick and efficient. Flight attendants were personable
Expected more and better,"What a disappointment. Check in was like a cattle drive. Herds of travelers moving from one kiosks to another, check in, boarding pass, weight your luggage, tag it and if flying out of JFK you take it over and loaded on the conveyer belt. Gate changes twice with little warning"
One hour late boarding with one hour late takeoff and poor response to feedback,Customer service response was a frank dismissal of facts about late departure due to cabin crew being almost an hour behind. No clear explanation for why we were sitting on the tarmac for another hour. Customer feedback agent minimized and dismissed these facts with no response
We continue to be impressed with JetBlue,"This was a great flight. Very attentive flight attendants, free wi-fi, and great seating space, especially for only Economy seats."
Excellent flight,This airline continues to give great value for your dollar. Flights both to and from where on time and the service onboard was excellent.
Terrible flight,"Flew recently on Jetblue, and were extremely dissapointed with the flight. The plane was filthy, the TVs are not working. The flight attendants had an attitute and were rude. Had family with 4 small children in the row behind us, one under 1, they started crying, screaming and"
Flight,We had a wonderful flight. The entire staff was very friendly & helpful. I would definitely Fly Jetblue again.
Great Airline,Great flight leaving from JFK. The flight crew was friendly and accommodating. A nice quiet early am flight.
Great service on Jetblue Boston to Richmond,"Great convenient flight on Jetblue between Boston and Richmond this weekend. The staff both ways were super nice, the pilot communicated regularly, and we made record time after a short delay in take off. A very easy flight although the terminal at Logan is terrible, hope they"
My favorite airline in the US,"In an industry that seems to take pride in pissing off their customers (at least in the US), this airline is the exception to that rule. We just flew on them as a partner airline to Qatar Airlines and we really liked them (again). I actually fit in their seats and don't feel"
"Lost Baggage, Careless Attitude, and Horrible Baggage Claim Services","My sister traveled from India to the US to see us here in FL. She landed at Tampa, FL, and gets to know that JetBlue left her luggage behind in JFK where she had her layover. She got her first bag after 7 days and the second bag wasn't found. The entire process from filing the"
New York to Havana,We had an amazing flight from New York to Havana. We did not buy luggage but you can get a cabin baggage and you also get free drink and snacks during the flight thanks to Jetblue
Disappointed Traveler,"Let me start out by saying, I have been flying with JetBlue for more than 20 years... For the past few years, I have been very disappointed to say the least. Flight prices can be a bit higher than norm. My last few flights with JetBlue has been major pains and disappointments."
A puddle hop,"Even though our flight was only a hop, skip, and a jump, it was great. The online checking with their app was effortless. All staff we had contact with seemed well trained and courteous. JetBlue gives a lot of bang for the buck."
Happy Flyer,"I always love flying with JetBlue. Checkin was easy with a very courteous staff, who assist me with the process. The seat was comfortable and the cabin was clean with friendly staff. It was a nice flight to Grenada. The baggage claim was good, I had no issues."
Things were broke BUT they fixed it,"I got seated and right away my tv wasn't working. This was a 5 hr flight, so needed my TV. After we got to a safe altitude the flight attendant found me another window seat and I was allowed to move. After a few hours that TV started acting up. Go figure both my TV's. The"
Just one small complaint...,"Jetblue has always been my flight of choice and in the most part everything went pretty well. Check-in was easy, aircraft was clean, crew was friendly and helpful and flight was on time. The only complain I have that entertainment was out and I was so ready to watch a movie."
Loved my first flight,"This was my first flight ever and it was awesome. Romaine, Jen and Jabanna made sure I was comfortable and my seat mates were great as well. The seating was excellent and as a hearing impaired person they really were great. I will definitely fly JetBlue again. My only problem"
Great Service,"I just want to thanks ALLYSON, it was a pleasure having you there helping us through the check in process. You went the extra mile and beyond. You are great asset to the company. From now on just JetBlue."
Wow love Jetblue!,From the easy checkin to the friendliest staff I will fly JetBlue whenever I have the chance! The seats were very roomy and lots of snack choices. Also TV’s with free movies. What more can you want.
Don’t pay extra for exit row seating,My wife and I paid $35 each to move to exit row on the day of the flight 9/28 cause the two rows were empty. However once getting the plane the flight attendant Travis Williams gave the seats to passengers who didn’t pay for the seats. So why pay? Just ask the flight
JetBlue is my go to airline,"I travel to Florida about every 8 weeks and JetBlue is my go-to airline. The boarding and deplaning are always fast and efficient. The jets themselves are up-to-date and clean. The price is as good, if not better than other airlines. I use my JetBlue credit card and get a"
"Free TV, movies, and Internet is appreciated","We recently took JetBlue for five flights to 4 different cities. We really appreciated having the free screens on the back of the seats in front of us to watch TV and movies, as well as free Internet access for our devices. That made the trip go by much faster. The screens on"
JetBlue scores again,"Great legroom space, smooth flight. I was even upgraded to more legroom on the flight going down, without added fee."
Very enjoyable flight,"We flew from JFK over to Martha’s Vineyard and returned a week later. The flight time was about an hour and it was a very enjoyable flight. Make no mistake, I wouldn’t wish to use JetBlue for a long haul flight, as there wasn’t the most leg room and the seats aren’t the"
JetBlue great flight as always,Great nonstop am flight to paradise of Aruba other than a few little bumps over Hispaniola smooth eagling arriving flight
Willblais,JetBlue is great the people are nice and very helpful. JetBlue is the only airline that my wife and I will fly.
Mint marvelous,"Took the 8 30 pm flight from Los Angeles to Kennedy Simply put the best most economical 1st/business class for transcontinental flight Spacious seating with a full lie flatbed, food service done uniquely with a nice platter and assortment of salad sandwich and soup , "
JetBlue rules,"JetBlue is by far, the best airline out there. Free WiFi, free movies, free snacks, legroom, leather comfortable seats, clean airline! My preferred airline when I travel."
Best domestic FIRST CLASS in the air - WORST WEBSITE of them all!,"I've always enjoyed Jetblue for a variety of reasons, but when they started their MINT CLASS service out of select airports, that sealed the deal for me. I frequently fly First Class for business, and on one occasion, Jetblue was the only option so I had to take it. Was I"
The old cabin interior,The cabin interior was of the old Jetblue type. The legroom was very good. The flight took off and landed on time. The seat back screens appear really tiny. The beverage and snacks were Ok. The flight was around 5 hours and 30 mins. On flights of this duration there should be
On time and good leg room,"On time and good leg room space, boarding was easy and free wifi great. Only let down by dirty tray tables with food smudged over them and coffee drips over outside. Food snack packs reasonable, we had the cheese and crackers for $12 which included 2 hard cheeses and a Brie,"
Direct to Aruba,"Mint service is exceptional, well worth the extra. Seats are incredibly comfortable (massage chairs you can fully lay down in), movie screens are larger, food is delicious, service is personal. Simply can not say enough. Treat yourself and upgrade to mint. Only regret is"
"Great Legroom, and excellent staff","I always select my flights based on price and timing, so I don't have very high expectations of comfort or great service, so when I have such a good experience with both it feels that I need to share it. I was shocked by how much legroom there was, I could stretch my knees all"
Good but not as good as expected,"The trip to Orlando had severe turbulence, the pilot was excellent, had complete control of plane, Never felt there was ever a problem or any issues.The return flight from Orlando to Buffalo wasn't very good. First, delayed and told TV's weren't working, however TV's had been"
Good space. Helpful staff,Good and clean plane. Space is likely best in airline services. The courtesy staff was a great help. He was able to clear my PreTSA quickly at the airport.
Major delay with lame excuse but excellent in-flight service,"Our flight from Burbank was scheduled to leave at 9:30 pm 8/18, arriving JFK 5:30 am, Princess cruise leaving in late pm 8/19 Between 6-8 pm, I received 6 emails hourly from JetBlue saying the flight would be late one hour at the time. Last email said it changed to depart at 8"
Jet Blue JFK/Aruba Aug 2019,"I would normally give Jet Blue a 5 star rating because they provide great, comfortable service. However, on this recent flight, we had major confusion at JFK resulting from having to check our own bags and bring them to the bag handler to be placed on the plane. There appeared"
An eyecatching upgrade,Jetblue has upgraded its cabin. The new color scheme is pleasing. The leg space is still good. The new seats look and feel good. The seatback touchscreen TVs are large and of high resolution. The USB charging port is a nice addition. The maps have improved though the middle
Great way to travel cheap.,"A two day, one overnight trip. Only a carry-on, so no need to worry about overhead space. Also the Je Blue seats seem to better placed, so standard foot room is suffiient for this 6'-0"" person. Also, since I don't mind center seat, I paid the basic minimum price. What a"
Best airline I've been on.,The best airline I've been on. Very comfortable. I can bring two bags on at no additional charge. Wi-fi and TV on domestic flights. I went from Newark to Fort Lauderdale then off to Cartagena. Same way back. Jetblue all the way.
The best experience EVER,"My first time flying with jet blue was this past weekend coming home from Fort Lauderdale Florida, to Phl airport in Philadelphia. I was at first nervous being I don’t really love to fly to begin with but I didn’t hear much about jet blue in the past. Long story short I was an"
fantastic airline,"have been flying back and forth and will be for business and love this airline, planes are clean, staff is always nice very few delays and just a pleasant experience overall"
Good Flight,"I didn't give this flight a 5 star review because there are some things that could b improved upon, however the plane was clean, the flight attendants were friendly and really, other than that the headphone jacks on the seats were very touchy (I really didn't like that when"
Fly jet blue,After bad experiences with other airlines we will only fly jet blue or not go.if you are flying from nj avoid newark airport its a disaster we found a small airport in westchester n jet blue flys to Orlando the airport is restricted on how many flights a day..it is no hassle
Great experience,"JetBlue customer service is excellent - they were very helpful in arranging this flight on short notice, and I was very happy to get a direct flight. They really do care about their customers."
Boarding process was difficult,"Terminal doesn't have speakers in which customers can hear the announcements, this cause problems during the boarding process because everyone walk and stay the same time in front of the gate door. It was terrible!! Very disorganized. Plane arrived early to the gate (2 hours"
If I could fly Jet Blue all the time I would,I fly jetblue all the time when I can so this review is just about the airline in general. The ONLY complaint I ever had is one time I was told I could not have anymore to drink and I literally just had 2 drinks over a 3 hour flight and was not in the least bit drunk. Not sure
Non Negotiable,I have never flown any airline but Jet Blue. I travel to Aruba and Las Vegas every year. I needed to change the hotel part of my package in Las Vegas to a more expensive one. They made sure they charged me an Extra $200.00 to merely push a button. So disappointed. Not the way I
Top notch airline!,"I have been a Mosaic for 4 years and fly them at least 4 X a month. I will say, you will get the occasional delay, but for the most part, they are pretty consistently on-time. I live in NY and it can get complicated with this congested airspace. I always recommend to people,"
Check In Service,"Pity service at check in I flight very frequently, and at the last minute option I chose to fly Jet Blue. Today 25 Sep 19 at about 03:30 I make my line and when I am called I give my ID. The person at the counter tells me sharply, I don't need your ID what do you need, I tell"
Always exceptional,We always upgrade to the extra room seat! We love Jet Blue they always try their best. Friendly and kind service and they do their best to get us to our destination on time. On our top of the list.
Clean planes that leave on time,"We have flown JetBlue several times now and they have been consistently good. The planes are clean and reasonably comfortable, the staff is friendly and professional. Like all airlines, everything is extra except soft drinks and some snacks. They offer blankets, pillows and"
Embriar 190 planes,The planes are small yet you have your own tvs to watch. Make sure you bring head phones or ear buds to listen. The planes are timely in leaving and aarrival.
Great flight,"First time ever flying JetBlue. I normally fly delta! This was a last minute trip and jet blue was the cheapest! I am so glad I tried them out! Comfortable leather seats, male attendants and a smooth flight. I will certainly fly again in the future."
"trouble-free, coast to coast","The easiest and best airline for business. No nonsense. Does not cancel or delay flights. While some of my business colleagues were delayed by 48 hours on another US airline flying from Cali to NY, I have never had that trouble on JetBlue."
Jet Blue,Every time I fly with JetBlue the flights are delayed. I’ve flown with them 4 times and I can never guarantee getting to my destination at the correct time because it is always delayed.
Definitely recommend,"My fiancé and I absolutely love JetBlue! The staff is great at the Aruba Airport, but it could be better at the Fort Lauderdale Airport. The prices are great and so is the service. We even flew Mint and it was just amazing! Just one crew member was a little rude to me but we"
"Reliable, affordable, and so many perks!","Flew from ATL to Guayaquil, Ecuador for our first experience. The leg room was unparalleled and there were perks I thought was no longer in existence on airlines: snacks, free drinks, free tv! It was a truly great flight."
be very careful about cancellations,"I cancelled a flight 2 hrs after booking (only 1 seat was left, so I jumped). It didn't work for me so I cancelled. Every normal airline I've dealt with would refund the full amount to the credit card. Not JB: they took a $200 fee and only gave a credit valid for 1 yr on JB. "
Flight Cancelled - JetBlue left us stranded,"I logged in to JetBlue to check-in on line 4 hours before my scheduled flight. When I did I noticed the flight was delayed by an hour - no other notice to me via text or email. Ok, fine, an hour is not a big deal. I check back in an hour and notice it has now been delayed"
Great Flight on time and actually got back early,Fabulous flight on time and got there early...customer service was amazing! The seating was great paid for ertra leg room so worth it!
"Ruined our vacation, terrible customer service","Booked airfare and hotel through Expedia. My partner and I booked a trip to Saint Martin, he holds a South African passport and checked online to see if he needs a visa to get into the country. After seeing mixed answers we decided the best way to get the answer was to call"
JEt Blue Flight to Aruba,"Very nice flights, Syracuse to JFK, JFK to Aruba. JFK runways were under construction, so a bit of a wait on the tarmac to get to the gate. Be sure to have at least an hour layover if you have to switch planes."
"Flying with JetBlue to Lima, Peru",When I have to fly to Peru is more convenient to be out of FLL airport . Air fares are affordable and cannot complain of the seats and service.
"Interesting flight attendant, great service!","Interesting flight attendant, very up beat and friendly. It was a very pleasant domestic flight of all time! They even served drink and snack, for FREE! The flight was very punctual, clean, and the leg room was very roomy. The terminal of jetBlue in LGA is the smallest,"
Arrogant staff,"Very arrogant staff at JFK , Not at all friendly flight crew. Unfortunately it was a connection flight and had no other choice. Plane was nice and enough left room. People who works.for JetBlue need a serious customer service training. They behave like we are getting free"
Pleasantly surprised,It was our first time flying Jetblue in about 15 years. There are a lot of improvements. The crew and airport staff were friendly and helpful. The seats were comfortable with enough legroom. They served beverages and snacks multiple times. The things that I didn't like were the
Always consistent,The plane was new and beautiful. We purchased even more space which was worth the price. Both flights were on time and we were treated very well by Jet Blue staff. We thoroughly enjoy flying Jet Blue.
Jamaica Bound,"Our experience with JetBlue was nothing but top notch. This was our first time using this company and for the amount of money we saved we elected to fly out of Orlando Fl, vs. Valdosta GA. The staff was friendly, professional, and the aircraft was one the newer ones. Plenty"
"jetblue was the BEST, from start to finish.",Jetblue employees couldn’t be any NICER & the flight was GREAT Aircraft was very clean & comfortable nice choice of snacks & drinks. Lots of movies to watch.
Jamaica trip,I mostly fly JetBlue great services and price friendly staff clean planes easy to upgrade or change plans
"Great flight, Terrible experience on landing and leaving Chicago","Be very prepared for the awful experience of JetBlue at O’Hare, You land at terminal 3 and get your bag at terminal 2. Leaving it is the other way around. Check in at 2 and leave at 3. I do not think it is JetBlues doing, space and all that but the crew at landing and leaving"
My new Favorite,"R/T flights were right on time, staff was friendly, plenty of leg room, free movies, got a great R/T fare...first time flying with JetBlue and was very happy."
JetBlue to Jamaica,The flight on JetBlue was a mixed bag. The flight to Montego Bay Jamaica was great. Check in was almost all automatic We printed our own boarding passes and luggage tags. There’re were personnel at the kiosks to assist you if needed. The flight we were on had large seats with
Great customer service given the challenges.,"Was scheduled to fly into Nassau on Sunday but due to circumstance we didn't make it back till Tuesday. Every staff person I encountered during these cancellations was 100% professional, courteous and understanding of the individual needs. We gave it a go on Monday morning and"
Friendly staff,Friendly staff. Easy check in. No problems with punctuality of flights. As expected only packets of crisps etc and beverages. Prior to flights contacted JetBlue via live chat to reserve seats and the lady that dealt with it was extremely helpful.
Consistency is Key,"Took a business trip to MA. As always from FLL to BDL and back the JB employees were outstanding. No need to wait for help, they offered and were friendly and accommodating. During the flight back, it seems they renovated the inside of the plane. All-new seats and interior of"
"Delays and cancellations, terrible customer service!",This was the first and last time I will ever fly Jetblue. Flight out was delayed twice and flight back was delayed twice and then cancelled. Customer service was horrible. Kept trying to put me on flights to another airport. They finally got me on a 5:45 am flight the next
JetBlue was better in the past!,"JetBlue use to be my favorite airline, until it started being constantly late! Nowadays it is an exception for a JetBlue flight to be leaving on time and from the advertised gate. Not easy or pleasant to run from gate to gate, several times for the same flight! Also, if you"
Delayed flight allowed us to change to a closer airport,I received an early notification of my flight from PBI to Boston was delayed. It did not leave until 6pm but I did not want to be stranded in Florida. I called Jetblue and they rebooked two flights from FL to worcester which was closer to home. Good service. No fees.
Poor Service from JetBlue Airline,"I'm a blind passenger who purchased a premium economy seat and was treated as if I needed a wheelchair. I could've deplaned first however, the airline waited for a wheelchair which lead me to be released with last group leaving the plane."
"Terrific Crew :Anna, Julia and Tosha - Flight #780 MBJ-JFK","Had a terrific flight back home with this wonderful trio, they were very pleasant and accommodating, makes the jetBlue experience even lovelier - thanks guys."
Excellent!,Always is a pleasure flight with Jet Blue. Is a Low Cost Airline but its service is excellent. Every step is easy without trauma....
Trip back made up for the trip to,First time flying JetBlue and I would give it a 7.5 to 8 score on the FH scale. Burbank to NY was pretty smooth and had just a couple of hiccups taking off and landing which felt like inexperience to me but tolerable. So grateful that the cockpit team for the NY-Bur leg was
First Time Jet Blue flyers,"We enjoyed our first flight on Jet Blue. In particular we liked having just two seats in a row, which was very comfortable. The flight itself had no issues, It departed and arrived on time. I do wish that the airline provided at least a little bag of pretzels or cookies, and"
enjoybale flight,I enjoy flying with JetBlue as I can watch a good movie or tv during the flight with no problems. The service is always great and I have zero complains every time I fly.
Nice Trip on JetBlue,Very smooth flight with it being right on time. Onboard crews were friendly and helpful. Seats were comfy in the new plane.
Better seats and in-flight entertainment than most others,"Jet Blue does a very good job--friendly flight attendants, free drinks and snacks, decent seats and very good in-flight entertainment. If the dates/flights work out, its my go-to airline. I'm 6'5"" so other than a big price difference for an upgrade, this airline gives me more"
Another great Jet Blue experience,"Very convenient to get inexpensive non-stop service from RSW (Fort Myers) to Logan (Boston), even better with JetBlue!! No charge for carry on or seats like on most airlines now. Flights were both on time and service was very courteous."
Awesome Aruba experience,"The flight took off on time , there was ample explanation of all flight procedures and amenities; the flight crew was very professional and accommodating. The arrival and deplaning in Oranjestad was smooth and problem-free. Airport operations in Aruba are modern and highly"
policy of no refunds other than credit to fly,had to cancel for illness..even was on Mint class..they deducted $400 for a change fee and then took the entire balance as a credit into a fly with jet blue account refusing to give the money back!! how can a business class ticket be so restrictive. this airline is out of line
Another great experience with JetBlue,Everything about this flight went well - timely and easy boarding. I was able to put my carry on bag overhead next to my seat. Comfortable seating - I appreciate being able to upgrade to even more space - it's an affordable upgrade and more space is always worth it in my
Friendly staff. Free snacks and beverages.,"JetBlue is a nice, friendly, reasonably priced airline. Passengers receive free snacks and beverages. The free wi-fi is really convenient for watching movies and listening to music. The staff are wonderful at keeping passengers updated on luggage terminals and any changes in"
We Made It!,"8:30 flight out of JFK to Grand Cayman took off on time and landed on time, flight was insignificant other than the fact that this was the first time my husband and I had the row (with the extra leg room) all to ourselves, the row in front, across and diagonally were all"
Lost Reservations and luggage,"made flight and seat reservations 2 months in advance so that myself, wife, and son could sit together on the 5-6 hour flight from Boston to SF. we got the standard pre-check in boarding pass email the day before our flight but it wouldn't allow us to check in - when we called"
great flights,"comfortable seating, always helpful personnel, the airline to take! Spend the money for the extra comfort it is worth it!"
"Potential disaster, crisis averted.","We arrived in Orlando, to find that our flight had been delayed almost 4 hours. Unfortunately, we were due to catch our connecting flight, before we were able to arrive. JetBlue, took care of us. They paid for us to spend the night in Puerto Rico, and bought us dinner, and"
Horrendous airline,"I checked their pet policy as well as called before I booked tickets with this airline, then when I got to the airport to check in, they refused to comply with the policy that I was told. The check in agent told me “I think” your dog is too tall. She refused to even try to work"
Great nonstop to New York's JFK from Fort Myers FL,"I have flown JetBLue twice in the last month and both times were pleasant, on time, and non eventful, which is how I like my flights. Friendly staff, clean bathrooms, and smooth ride makes for a great experience!"
non-stop flight to NYC,"I always fly JetBlue to NYC because it is a non-stop flight and inexpensive. This flight was shorter than scheduled, about 30 minutes both ways. They offered my favorite snack, Terra Chips. The only bad thing was departure time at 2:30 PM which shortens my stay at NYC. Still"
Awesome flight to Ft. Lauderdale for our Anniversary!,We decided to take a long weekend trip to Ft Lauderdale for our anniversary and given the construction at LGA & FLL we were expecting delays but we were perfectly on time and our attendants were very friendly. It was actually one of the best flight experiences we've had in a
55th Anniversary lesson learned,"Lesson learned at age 76. First, my wife and I most of the time fly on JetBlue. Every trip we have taken before now has been great. So we had no reason to expect anything bad otherwise. So, what we have learned when traveling to the Carribean. Be sure you flight is on a JetBlue"
Better than the last one,"again I would not call this business class. On this leg of our flight the aircraft felt cleaner brighter and it was obsessively newer. this made the flight nicer. JetBlue pushes 2 carryon bags 1 up and 1 under, but they do not enforce it. We saw people with 4 items that would"
2 leg flight first uh second good,"I would not call it business class, we paid for the extra leg room. The check in by computer did not work, so we had to check in at the counter, we were in line for about 20 mins or so, the lady was nice and said that we have paid for our bags if they are over weight it is"
Extra space seats are worth the extra $,"Originally we were supposed to fly out of Orlando on a different airline, due to Dorian that flight was cancelled so to keep on schedule we purchased tickets last min on JetBlue. The extra space seat were all they had left but they turned out to be so worth it. The TV kept my"
Avoid if flying out of Newark,"I usually try to stay away from Jet Blue when flying thru Newark, but since I was flying back fom Rome, they had a flight to Florida at 5:20pm ..I came arrived at 230 so it was an easy connection..or so I thought. When I arrived I immediately received a text that it was delayed"
Very helpful,We went on a trip to see the falls . The company we booked with had me down as a 4 month old baby which when meant I didn’t have a seat on the plane booked for me . It was a mistake they made as I had phoned with my details 2 days before . JetBlue was fantastic the staff on
The best flight ever,My wife and I traveled on Jetblue Mint in July. First of all if possible Mint is the absolute best way to fly. We purchase our tickets in November of the previous year. That is usually when the new schedule comes out for the following summer months. We have found the ticket
J E T B L U E !!!!!!,JETBLUE Is simply the best airline. They acknowledge my 21 yr anniversary and made a public announcement on the flight. Kuddos to JetBlue. No other way to fly.
Wheelchair,"If you have a family member with a disability get ready for a day of stress. I Requested for wheelchair assistance while booking online for a family member, you would think this Assistance would help the disabled to check in, and check their bags right? Not!! You have to do the"
They get the job done,They get the job done. Getting you where you need to be. Tell me hat airline offers above and beyond serivice anymore because I fly a lot and their all similar jet blue in my opinion hsd normal service the plane was comfortable for what I paid and they got me to Colombia safely
Double Duo,"My family and I went to FL for my birthday. I went to do a training for my Spa and we went to Disney so the little one could have fun. We stayed in Miami a few days then went to Disney. We had a blast. I LOVE, LOVE JetBlue I wish they went to Myrtle Beach and Miami. Hopefully"
Airline I Can Trust To Get Where I'm Going,I have flown many years and if there is one airline that gets you where you are going it's JetBlue. Great Staff excellent service and the extras you get you will not find anywhere else.
Horrible experience,"I was scheduled to fly on JetBlue, from JFK to Cancun at 7:30 am. I chose JetBlue because they offered the earliest flight to Cancun. I thought I was lying down on the beach by noon. Nope! That didn’t happen! my plan got ruined because the flight was delayed multiple times."
Bad service,To day in Logan international airport gate C21 JetBlue employee name Melisa Who was in charge of the flight she was extremely rude and on professional the way she treated me today as a customer she was at the counter when I approach her to ask her why I didn’t have seat
A Delightful Flying Experience,"From the day we booked this flight, our experience was positive. Actually, it began even before. We had planned to travel to San Diego in the spring, but my husband developed a hernia that needed repair. When I called the airline, a considerate agent entered the ticket price in"
New Favorite Airline!!,We recently had the opportunity to fly Jet Blue for the first time on a round trip flights from Philadelphia to Ft. Lauderdale. All I can say is that Jet Blue is my new favorite airline and I will fly them whenever possible. From the friendly staff at the airport to the crew
Love it!,JetBlue really knows how to treat their customers. I am a tall woman and always utilized the even more space service since they do not offer business class on my flight. The flights are always on time and the service is excellent. I travel quite often and this is my favorite
Best bang for your buck,JetBlue knows how to take care of customers. Their planes are clean and comfortable. Flights are convenient and on time. Every time I fly I try jetBlue first.
Trip from hell,"Flying from Boston to Boston via New York and flight was postponed. First for an hour and then 2 hours. I was worried. I had a connecting flight in New York, also on jetBlue to Bermuda. Staff assured me I would make that flight, especially when it was announced that the flight"
Good surprise,"We were pleasantly surprised with our recent Jetblue flight. We had a direct flight from Long Beach to Portland. We got a great price. Check-in process and boarding were smooth. The seats are very comfortable, and I think there is more leg room on this flight compared to other"
"Flight from Orlando, Fl to Buffalo. NY.","It was a nice flight with plenty of seat and leg room. The flight was on time, we arrived early on the way up and also arrived early on the return flight. We had a direct flight. The flight attendendance were helpful and the pilot came out to greet us individually and was"
Top Notch Domestic Airline,I always fly JetBlue when the route is available to my desired destination. I have never had a bad flight. Very pleasant captains and flight attendants. The flights generally arrive early. My last return flight left 35 minutes late from JFK (not the airline's fault) and
Nice flight,"We purchased the EvenMoreSpace tickets since the flight is 6 hrs long. In flight entertainment has good selections and I loved the ""unlimited snacks"". Service was good. It was a very comfortable experience."
Flying around a hurricane,"We had to change our flight from Tuesday to Thursday due to hurricane Dorian. I used a JetBlue service rep to make the changes, and he was extremely helpful in working out all the details. JetBlue doesn't have curbside check in at Newark, but once you get inside their staff is"
Staff at Newark are clueless!,"2 of us were traveling to Orlando on one reservation. An earlier flight had availability, so my traveling partner asked if she could get on the flight so that she could arrive home a bit earlier. The gate crew told her she couldn't unless I switched flights too, since we were"
Recommended,"Flight was comfortable, enough legroom, staffs are pleasant.on time. I am always pleased flying with jet blue"
Glad to be on Time,"Last year when we flew down to Orlando, we were stuck in JFK for a while. So it was really nice to actually leave and arrive at our destination on time."
Love the Blue !!!!,"Love the Blue. Modern planes. Flight Crew always polite,friendly and funny, Children watch movies and are not bored (4 hour) flight."
Great service,Good service. It was supposed to be a 6 hour flight but the pilot managed to land the plan 1 hour before. Which I could appreciate. Great inflight snack selections .
Generally a great experience with jetblue,"The flight attendants were welcoming, the seats were comfortable with plenty of legroom, and we departed on time and arrived slightly early. Overall a great experience."
Legroom is the ONLY pro for this airline,Our flight was delayed 7.5 hours. The only compensation we were provided was some free snacks and free water. I guess it’s better than nothing but we had booked an extra night at our hotel in NYC because we decided to come in one night earlier than we originally intended. So
never disappointed with jetblue,"have been traveling jetblue for a few years, especially to st.maarten. They are very accomodating to children and people that need wheelchair assistance. They rush you thru customs and assist you on and off the plane and help with luggage"
Bad Start Great Flight,"When delays pushed the notified departure to a time that would get us to West Palm at 3:00AM, I called JetBlue and changed my flight to the next day. Unfortunately there were almost no seats available. The representative upgrades my wife and myself to extra space seats at no"
Never disappointed with JetBlue,Airport was closed due to hurricane and opened a little after 12:00 noon. Flight was scheduled for around 3:00pm had a delay. As soon as plane got in they did a quick cleaning and we boarded and let. Arrived only about 20 minutes late. Pilot n crew members did a great job.
Fly Mynt when you can,"We went Mynt and if you plan it correctly, the price evens out...Mynt is one of the best flying experiences. You are treated well, the food is actually good and the long flights are bearable."
Legroom!,"Legroom was fantastic as my husband is 6' 4"" tall. Worth the upcharge. Smooth, direct flight from Buffalo to LA."
Plenty of leg room,Very pleasant flight crew. Excellent service plenty of leg room. I recommend this airline to or from Havana
Why not allow free same-day flight change??,"In general, JetBlue does so much right. It is hard to complain. However, on our recent flight, we arrived at the airport early enough to get on the earlier flight. Lots of seats available. Letting us switch would have been simple and the right thing to do. But, no. $75 each to"
GREATEST AIRLINE IF WE STAY IN 1920's,"I think Jet blue must go back to 1920's, By how they manage flight delays, And by how their customer service or help desk resisting to assist their customer properly is totally deserved a poor rating. They dont even notify their customer ahead of time that there is a"
Good flight,"It's easy to travel with Jetblue, starting with the reservation process to the flight itself. It has great service, good legroom and you don't get surprises with extra fees."
Always a pleasure,Since flying with JetBlue for the first time 10 years ago. They are my #1 airlines to fly. Friendly staff and the seats give you plenty of legroom. No need to buy extra legroom unless your extremely tall.
Airline company I was looking for,"My wife and I had a round trip recently with JetBlue - Cancún - Ft Lauderdale. It was our first time going with JetBlue and in spite of a four hour flight delay, we left feeling good about this flight (and the return flight, of course, which did not experience a massive"
JetBlue Flighrs,"I have taken Jet Blue flights from Charleston to Washington several times, most recently September. Always on time. I am tall and really appreciate the leg room in economy. Drinks and snacks also appreciated. Jet Blue prices are competitive."
Everything worked this time,"We boarded on time and there was plenty of room in the overhead. After we landed, luggage appeared on the carousel faster than usual. The service on the flight was efficient and cordial."
Exit row seats with plenty of leg room,plenty of leg room as upgraded to exit row chips and cookies were great no screaming children rude stewardesses great pilot as we arrived safely to our destination and on time
"Worse than Budget, Choose Another Airline","I can't get over how bad the customer service is and the ridiculous fees. They treat people who use points like trash and are truly the least helpful in all situations. I could go on for so long but if you're reading this, choose another airline."
Worst service ever.,Me and my friend had a flight from Detroit to Santo Domingo and it had 1 stop in Boston. The Detroit flight got delayed and therefore we missed our connection flight from Boston to Santo Domingo. We went over to the Just Ask desk and what they first offered us was to take the
On time!,"Ticket counter service, less than desirable. Failed to request wheelchair. Gate and inflight staff personable, friendly, helpful."
Fantastic experience in spite of four hour delay,"My husband and I flew a round trip recently with JetBlue - Cancún - Ft Lauderdale. It was our first time going with JetBlue and in spite of a four hour flight delay, we left feeling good about this flight (and the return flight, of course, which did not experience a massive"
No customer service,"My flight arrived in Boston at 8.30PM. The luggage appeared on the carousel and one wheel was broken off and missing, and another had the wheel housing pulled away from the luggage. I could not locate an airline representative or signage for an office site. When I called the"
Good Flight *Bonus Birthday Gift*!,"We flew into JFK (originally scheduled to fly into Miami) from the Bahamas just before Hurricane Dorian struck. We were lucky to get out in time! It was a much longer flight back to Los Angeles, but the airline made the adjustment for us for a safer way home. We weren't"
Extremely Unreliable Airline,"I wish there was a option for ZERO star or less. I missed two days of my all-inclusive vacation because of mechanical issues that turned into air traffic control issues, then turned into two sets of pilot change, later flight attendant switch, and finally a passenger that got"
Flight Attendants,"I will start by giving the biggest compliment and kudos to the flight attendants on my flight today from DCA to Puerto Rico. While in mid flight, one of the passengers had a heart attack and can I just say how well trained Lisa & Carlos are along with the rest of the crew."
Shocking experience,I’ve never thought that JetBlue the big and one of the best companies will do what’s best for them not for their people. We were stuck in the Bahamas for the hurricane all flights were cancelled except for our JetBlue flight kept delaying and delaying. All other flights told
"As most airlines, very unreliable scheduling","Like most of the american airlines, jetBlue is not 100% reliable in scheduling. At 2:30 am, I was about to head to the airport when I got an SMS stating that my 5:30 am flight will be delayed for 7 hours, no reason indicated. After ~20 minutes on their customer care hold, I was"
LUGGAGE RIP OFF,Im outraged i was charged $150.00 for my luggage 10 pounds over weight. If I would of known this I would have bought an extra carrier on bag but that would be difficult since i have fibromyaglia and cant carry stuff justa back pack I had one back pack and 1 check in luggage I am
Smooth flight,"I booked my flight thru JetBlue website. The booking process was painless and convenient. I checked in 24 hrs before the flight took off on my computer and got my boarding passes on my cellphone. At the airport, I just have to print my luggage tag. The flight took off on time"
Older Plane,"Seemed to be an older plane. No ports for USB devices such as a phone, etc. Movies available on flight couldn't be started when you wanted to watch. If you didn't luck out to engage from the beginning, were stuck watching from whatever point you joined the movie."
Great Experience,"There were no glitches with the airline, on time on bot directions. Affordable, comfortable seating, free TV and some snacks, what more can you ask for. I think I found me a new airline."
"Convenient, comfortable flight","JetBlue flies frequently (almost hourly) between Washington and Boston. The flight I took left DCA at 10:16 a.m. as scheduled and arrived at BOS on time. The Embraer jet had a 2x2 configuration with comfortable seats, plenty of legroom in economy, and large windows. The"
"Very good for the price, comfortable seats.","Comfortable seats, the only thing that this plane lacked of, was outlets to charge our phones. Overall a very good service and good seats."
"Direct non-stop flight but no ""frills""","Jet Blue takes me directly to a small airport in Worcester, Massachusetts, just 15 mins. from my hometown. I don't have to bother with an hour or more drivng in traffic from Boston, Providence or Hartford. It's quick, non-stop and a simple trip for me. Although JetBlue"
"Friendly attendants, Smooth landing",It was pouring and windy. It took a long time to refuel the jet and load the luggage. The pilot kept the passengers fully informed about the delay. (Yay! We would have missed the plane if not for the weather delay.)
You can always count on JetBlue,"JetBlue always gets you there on time and with outstanding service. Plenty of legroom, leather seats and individual televisions create a first class experience."
Easy Flying,Overall my experience with JetBlue has been positive. I love the convenience of the app as well as the JetBlue card where you can earn flight points. The coach seats have good leg room. I travel to Florida often and we love the direct flights as well as the midweek flight offers
Amazing quality of service by Kitty!,We were flying back from Montego Bay and there were situations with the seat assignment. Kitty was super helpful and helped us with the adjustment. Kudos to the great customer service! We will choose JetBlue again because of this great experience!
Can’t wait,Can’t wait to hear that the flight will be delayed. And I was correct. It is delayed and they don’t even serve snacks because according to the FA that there is a turbulence but we don’t feel any. Maybe he is just too tired for the day..
Recommend JetBlue.,"Like flying this airline! Just don't have enough locations. On time, nice customer service, more leg room and free entertainment/internet/movies on each seat."
Will pick Delta over JetBlue from now on!,"I tend to use Delta for my travel because they seem to go everywhere I need to go. I recently tried to get tickets to Turks & Caicos and the Delta flights were booked, so I decided to try Jet Blue...well, I tried it, and I did not like it! They do board the back of the plane"
Direct Flight.,"Despite a late night flight.the advantage Jetblue flights are direct, planes are new and the best space between the seats."
Legroom,"Legroom AND shoulder room. Unless you’re a ‘petite’ size, most economy seats are a bit like pouring yourself into tight jeans. Then the seat in front of you tilts back into your face. Not on JetBlue."
Great Airline,Lovely non-stop flight. As a senior it always seems like a hassle to change planes. Absolutely love this service to and from Boston-Denver. JetBlue is now my go to airline. Thanks for great service
great airline,"I only fly JetBlue, the best company, comfortable leather seats, always on time, allow 22"" carry on bag, highly recommend"
Return from visit to relatives,"Flew on a brand new aircraft - very comfortable, improved legroom (I’m 6’7” and NEED it!), full flight, but good service."
Flew into ft lauderdale,Was my first time flying Jet Blue and thought the entire experience went off with out any problem. Staff was very friendly and attentive and it made for the entire experience becoming memorable.
Very Reasonable Airline,"The boarding crew did an excellent job keeping the crowd informed of the reason for the delay. The disappointing was how long the delay was, the flight was supposed to leave MCO (Orlando) at 8:40PM. The aircraft was not pulled out until 10:35PM, that is almost two hours. It"
Good,"A little pricey but expected due to summer peak travel. Flight was ok but very limited space for carry on luggage. Boarding staff and flight attendants DON'T enforce the 1 up and 1 under so smaller bags get stuffed in overhead bins, some persons put both pieces inside and then"
Best Airlines ever!,"No delays, smooth short 3hrs flight. They invited my son to check pilots cabin! I'm sure everyone knows already JetBlue is the best Airlines in US!"
JetBlue Best Airline around,"As soon as I walked into the JetBlue terminal and went looking for help, I was welcomed by a staff member at the kiosk . She made sure everything I was doing was done correctly. I actually think I can do it by myself the next time, thanks to her guiding me."
Another Smooth Flight,It was a nice enjoyable flight. In typical JetBlue fashion we left on time and arrived early into Las Vagas. As always since it was a six hour flight I got to catch up on my movies.
"Made a four hour flight quick and painless. Plus, we arrived 30 minutes early.","I was pleasantly surprised by the legroom, service level and entertainment available. Having wifi be free is a great resource as well - I could iMessage the entire flight, do work, and since there was an in-seat entertainment unit, I got to work and play while as comfortable as"
Free upgrade !,"Checking in at Buffalo to fly back to JFK and the ,lovely lady gave us a free upgrade ! Only extra legroom and an hours flight but we were chuffed ! For the price we paid would use again. Lovely staff and stewardess was amazing and constantly smiling !"
Fam reunion,JetBlue into Westchester airport was smooth and easy. Attendants were friendly and in-flight entertainment was available.
Nice leg room and screen but really cold,Nice legs space and a big screen quite comfortable however the temperature is really really cold especially traveling to a warm area like Florida we piled all the clothes we have in order to stay warm I think the temperature is around 60°
Love JetBlue,"I always fly JetBlue if the prices allow it. The seats were comfortable, they board from the back as they should, and the entertainment works as advertised."
Cant beat JetBlue,"Better leg room, better snacks that are free and fast and free wifi. Best of all I was able to watch the Pats on my flight home."
Love JetBlue!,"I used my JetBlue points for a trip to California to visit family & friends. Flight on time both ways,attentive staff & smooth sailing. Can't ask for more than that."
JetBlue flight,Comfortable flight throughout from Cancun to new York. Love ability to watch movies or listen to music and check on status of flight.
Consistent Service,I find JetBlue consistently provides decent service. Good flight crews and early/on time flight departure and arrivals.
Reliable Airline with great entertainment and good customer service,Check in was easy for me via mobile check in but I was traveling with my parents and the jetblue kiosks at JFK were not printing any boarding passes. They had to wait in line for 30+ minutes before I eventually just checked them in with the app and sent them their mobile
First Flight To Aruba,"jet blue has many flights per day to aruba, however i take the first direct flight out of jfk, usually land in aruba before noon, we are the first ones through the aruba airport, off to my car rental and on the beach by 1pm. if you book early that one way flight is usually under"
JetBlue Efficiency,JetBlue was organized and efficient--passengers were seated on time- no delays. Seating was comfortable and spacious. Flight was early staff made sure passengers were comfortable and they went above and beyond expectations. They had room for luggage you did not have to go
jet blue getting old?,"I love and have been flying Jet Blue for over 10 years. Lately,and with greater frequency the in flight TV/movie have been less than perfect and customers frequently complain their TV screen isn't working. As a result the flight attendants ,(almost routinely) re-boot the system."
Love Jet Blue!,"Everything was great from beginning to end. Comfortable seats, all the drinks and snacks you want, plus in-flight entertainment. Worth the extra money!"
Perfect,"We travelled from Buffalo to Orlando in the mid of August 2019 with family. Everything was perfect from booking online till check in. The only thing we would suggest is to add varities of snacks offered , particularly additions of plain chips. Besides this the entertainment"
It's good,It's a good airline with good comfort inside the cabin from leg room to seats. Staff are friendly and cooperative.
internal trip,Found the staff to be friendly and helpful. Service of airline not to bad. Legroom was sufficient and plane was clean.
Summer getaway,Go to kiosk first get baggage tickets and get on line jfk check in is very busy.have all your documents in order
Early Flight,"We flew to New York on this airline. It was nice, I had a good seat, it was fast we left Florida early in the morning and arrived in New York at 10:00am. It took about a half hour to get to the hotel."
Smooth Trip from start to finish,From check in to boarding everything went smooth no delays. Good flight we actually arrived a few minutes earlier. I fly this airline often.
Broke luggage. Tried to hide it.While I was walking in JFK it broke open in main terminal and all the contents spilled,"jetBlue used to be a special airline but in the past 5-10 years they have become like any other airline. We used to have 6 fully booked flight to RSW a day during season and 3 off season. Now we have 2 flight all year, One is really early. We put them on the map but it seems"
Comfortable ride,I have confidence with Jetblue being on time and their efficiency. Its my choice of selection compare to other airlines.
JETBLUE has no one on their level,"At LGA, they now occupy the old Maritime building and getting in and out is a breeze. TV for everyone. Unlimited music for everyone. Available WIFI that actually work, as compare to UNITED that is absolutely horrible."
First time JetBlue Flyer,"Tried Jet Blue for the first time and loved it! The amenities on board were better than Delta, American and United (which I’ve flown many times). The flight had more leg room, individual entertainment systems for each passenger, and a much better schedule and price than the"
Relaxed,Took red eye out if Vegas 11:55. Departed earlier as everyone arrived prior to check in time; boarded quickly and without incident. Smooth ride. Pilot hit us to NY more than 1/2 hour earlier. Ease of getting luggage. Wonderful flight.
on time arrival,"I up graded to more leg room comfortable seat, however the seat did not recline howe more leg room is great only if the seat reclines is it worth the money we did arrive on time flight crew was exceptional a passenger had a medical emergency on flight and they the crew"
Comfortable & Kind,I love everyone who works for JetBlue. They are always polite & have a smile on their face. They all seem happy to be there doing their job. I’ve flown many different airlines & the majority are not as kind. It does make a huge difference & I definitely appreciate that kind of
Later flight more relaxed,If you are looking for a flight out of New York to Jacksonville FL the 8:30 pm flight is awesome!! I had the pick of where I wanted to sit and the crew was outstanding for letting the passengers stretch across the seats to get a little shut eye after a hard visit to the city
Vacation to Cancun,We traveled from PR to Cancun. When we came back our luggage were not ready. They brang the luggage broken to my home next day. I lost many things like crafts.
not enough seating,"they really dont rty and put families together, and could care less.... tried multiple times even with upgrading couldnt do it."
I use them to fly from Boston to Arizona,"It's a non stop flight in the middle of the night. If you can sleep on an airplane, than this is the flight for you. Most of the extras that you pay for on other airlines, are included in the Jetblue price. The seats are bigger. They have TV's on the back of the seats ( I prefer"
My experience with JetBlue.,"My experience with JetBlue is great!!!! Plenty of legroom, everywhere!!!!! Plus unlimited snacks. Whenever I fly to the Caribbean, I always choose JetBlue. I recommend this airline very highly!!!!"
Flight,"Flight there was great , loading quick and easy even with small kids . Loaded from back first . Flight back home , they loaded from the front , which caused the process to be much longer and as usual no space for carry-on ."
Will fly again,"Great service, roomy seats, friendly flight staff, we have no hesitation in referring potential customers to JetBlue"
JetBlue,"Plenty of leg room, seats are very comfortable, hostess was very good. Very good price for flight ..have flown jetblue quite a few times and would recommend highly"
Value for money,The first time we ever heard of this airline was when our agent booked reasonably good priced tickets on this airline. The online check in only starts 24 hours before the flight and each check in bags cost $30. The online check in process itself was fairly easy; so was the
Great Flight!,I’ve always had a great experience flying on JetBlue so far but Aaron on flight 131 made this trip exceptional! Traveling with three little kids isn’t easy but he helped make it just a little more bearable!:) Thanks again!!
Love Flying Jet Blue but not Long Beach Airport,"I always enjoy flying Jet Blue. The flight is usually on time without delays. Although there were delays during out last trip to Long Beach, it was not the airlines fault. It was due to weather issues and a sick passenger. I was surprised that when you land at the Long Beach"
Staff took excellent care of my elderly mother,My elderly mother is legally blind and very hard of hearing. Plus she needs a wheelchair to get around if its more than a short distance. We needed to fly her from my sister's house to mine. We made all of the arrangements with JetBlue for special services she needed. The
Super nice flight attendants and smooth flight to St Maarten,These pilots MUST be first class professional with flying into this very famous airport. Smooth flying from start to finish; felt very safe. The flight attendants were friendly and strict at the same time. We left 15 minutes early and landed 10 minutes early. Because we were so
Florida Before The Hurricane,"Prior to leaving BDL I changed my return flight home from MCO due to hoopla re hurrican dorian. Contacted Jet Blue while in Florida after learning wavers were being given due to hurricane. They were fantastic, even though I was on the phone for an hour, many other people were"
Very nice flight,The Mint class is one of the best options to fly domestic. The sleeper seats are quite comfortable and the service is very nice. The flight attendants are very helpful and always ready to offer you something!
"flight cancelled, not given other options","My first and last time booking/attempting to fly with JetBlue. understandable our connecting flights were cancelled because of the hureicane in Florida, however JetBlue did not have any alternative solutions to fly us home after keeping us on hold for 90 minutes. ot was our"
Great mostly,"Everyone was terrific except the entertainment console, which kept freaking out and reverting back to the menu throughout the flight."
Another JET BLUE disapointment,Even with paying for extra leg room in the front row we were cramped and felt dirty. When you lifted the table tops out of the arm rest all I saw was dirt crusted on the arm of the table. It was the same on my wife's and the guy sitting next to me which was my second
Hmmmmmm!!!!!,"The flight going to wasn't so great only because the people seated behind me was loud,obnoxious and made fun of the fear of other passengers by making comments about the plane crashing, I couldn't watch a movie because the screen wasn't working. Finally the alcohol kicked in and"
The only airline that still allows room,"Quick flight but so much better than the others. The seats are actually comfortable. The seats are a standard 18"" wide with fantastic pitch. Each seat has its own television and remote/headphone jack. The only issue I continue to have with Jetblue is that they charge for checked"
Excellent travel experience,"Efficient, convenient, in flight movies, no nickel and diming over carry on bags, great communication Highly recommend"
Disappointing,"Our plane was showing some wear and tear, and I didn't think it was cleaned up very well between flights. Also, upon our returning home, we had a connecting flight from Chicago to Decatur, IL. Our luggage did not make it onto the plane (and we had a fairly lengthy lay over). "
Regular carrier service level at a discount price,This is a very professionally operated airline with good equipment and professional crews. You feel like you are flying one of the major carriers.
Holiday Vacation,"JetBlue is a great airline to travel wherever you might decide to go. They always have non-stop flights, very accommodating, the service on board is excellent and the extra space seats are wonderful. Highly recommended and have never had an issue using this airline."
Reliably excellent service at budget prices,"I have flown Jet Blue numerous times between JFK and California and have never been disappointed. Planes are well-maintained and clean, seats are comfortable, particularly when considering that this is marketed as a ""budget"" airline. Customer service is excellent with"
"Better snacks, roomy seats. Always on time. Lots of direct flights","Great airline, always on time. Friendly attendants. Pretty decent prices. Direct flights are a plus."
Extremely helpful!,I had back surgery a year ago and can not stand long or walk very far. Everyone was so helpful with me. They supplied me with a wheelchair and escort. There was no way I would have been able to walk all the way to the terminal. They were pleasant and accommodating. JetBlue is
Great Customer Service,The person that purchased my ticket had made a mistake and had booked me for the following night. The Counter ladies got me on the plane even when we had very little time.
Comfortable 5 hour flight,Very nice and comfortable flight. Thankfully they are still one of the airlines that don't charge extra for carry-on bag.
Blaming weather for pilot's incompetance,"On Aug 28th JetBlue cancelled my flight from St Martin to New York, because I was originating in ST Martin they told me I had to find myself lodging as I was a resident - I am not, I reside on a neighboring island and by the time my flight was cancelled there was NO WAY HOME."
Always delayed,I traveled with my family last August round trip with Jet Blue . We had 3 children (10-12 years) and both our flights were delayed. We almost missed check in because late check in was until 4 Am and we arrived at Orlando FL at 5:15 . We were supposed to arrive at 1AM.The hotel
Not perfect but close enough,"I try to use JetBlue Airline whenever possible because the airline provides good service compared to others. Even though they also charge for the check-in back just like others, I can still bring onboard one carry-on plus a personal bag for free. So I try to avoid checking in a"
"ON TIME, GREAT FLIGHT, GOOD PRICE","We did online check-in and were TSA approved, which made it a little easier to get through security. We got our luggage tags at the kiosk and a JetBlue employee was there to assist us. It was a very smooth process to just drop our bags and go to the gate. Boarding was an"
Easy flight - great room,Seat space is great on this airline. They are very accommodating - the gentleman at the gate helping those in wheelchairs (5 of them) was very kind. He kept checking on them. Sometimes it is not your experience that you observe - but that of others and how they are treated.
Inflexible staff,"Returning from South Africa, we realized that we could get an earlier flight to Portland. The JetBlue terminal was chaotic, confusing and without any staff trying to manage the chaos. Loads of people were confused, including us,without any one to ask for guidance as to where we"
JetBue is the Best - Perfect!,"Love JetBlue ... Easy to make reservations on line... If you need to call, very courtesy employees who will make your flight stress free! Had to wait a while on hold but well worth the wait... Upcoming Hurricane Dorian I am sure caused it! The captain we had is a great pilot"
great flight,Great flight All the crew was great and very helpful. Lots of seat room and elbow room. Snacks and soda available free of charge. Best airline to fly !!!!
Leg Room and Entertainment,I always fly JetBlue I always ask for emergency exit seats as there are only two seats by door. No matter where you sit there is more legroom than most Airlines. You also have the option to rent movies or watch numerous channels for free.
"Again, Great Airline","Flying to Orlando with a 5 year old child. This airline knows how to do it right. We had assigned seats the day I booked the flight, 3 months prior to our trip. Everyone boarded in an orderly fashion. The flight attendants were very friendly. The flight was very quiet and calm"
Red eye from Seattle to JFK,"jetBlue has the best service and entertainment around. Getting a choice of free snack from an airline is a treat. Our cross country flight was on time and as quick and painless as possible, even though it was 100% full. We were invited to check our carry on at the gate. Leg room"
Everything went very smooth.,We had a connecting flight in JFK to Moscow and then another flight to Ljubljana. Our bags were checked straight through from CLT and they arrived in Ljubljana. I was able to print all our boarding passes at home prior to the trip. The only problem was that Aeroflot doesn't
"A stressful week away, but much easier because of Jet Blue!","I was returning from Nashville as a result of a family emergency. I inadverntently made a mistake with my flight day and time. Initially, the Jetblue agent couldn't help at all. So instead of stressing, I checked if I could find an alternative to the flight. I couldn't, so I"
"New York City to West Palm Beach, FL",Jet blue strives to help customers feel comfortable and informed when flying. The staff is friendly and ready to listen!
"JET BLUE DESERVES MANY CHECKS..on time off and land, limitless snacks, great crew, smooth operation","Good fares, on time departure early landing, great crew, helpful throughout the flight to all who asked, wide leather seats.. I fly all airlines and will choose Jet Blue whenever I can."
"Best Domestic Airline, hands down","I love Jetblue. I travel weekly and I will always choose JetBlue over any other airline. The space, free wifi, free tv and movies, and friendly staff is second to none. I know Southwest is pretty great as well but I prefer the option to pick my seat ahead of time and have the"
The worst flight of my life!,"One of those experiences that makes you reevaluate your life, maybe G-d was mad at you for something............... We got to the airport on time and moved through everything to the gate normally, screen said the flight was delayed, but listed all the initial times so I didnt"
"Pleasant, no hassle service","First flight on JetBlue, and with a broken leg! They were pleasant and efficient - which naturally I appreciated - but didn't disrupt or delay other passengers. I wish they flew more routes that I use out of Chicago."
Love this airline!,"We were flying out for a wedding and we didn't want to take a red eye so we took a late afternoon flight. Everything wes great we left on time, we got in early and it was smooth all the way."
Always Late,"We flew with you the whole summer since June 16, 2019, August 16, 2019, and August 22, 2019 on every occasion our flight was delayed.Now my return flight is scheduled for September 12th, from LGA New York, to Ft. Lauderdale, will it be delayed that is the question?What happened"
I  you JetBlue,"First of all, I would like to say that JetBlue Airlines was awesome the seats were a soft plush leather very comfy and you had a lot of leg room which was standard through out the plane you didn't have to upgrade for leg room seating which most airline do offer for a"
Great Flights,"Jet Blue has for the most part been our go to airline. The planes are clean, the staff very friendly and helpful and on time departure and arrivals . Our rest trip was no exception. The wheelchair for my husband was right there when we arrived at the airport and when we arrived."
Jet Blue,Excellent - I travel every year to Mexico and always fly Jet Blue. Never had any serious problems to date.
Love Jet Blue,Flew with my dad who needed wheelchair assistance. The chair was ready for him and the most pleasant attendant got him through security and to the gate. He was apprehensive about making the trip and the ease really relaxed him.
Great leg room,This was our first time on JetBlue and we really enjoyed the plane ride. My daughter and I are both 5’9” and we didn’t feel cramped at all. The staff were pleasant and we enjoyed the choices of snacks.
Jamaica 2019,"excellent flight, great staff, comfy seats, what more can you ask for. entertainment was very good with lots of choices, sets reclined to a good amount and flight attendants were friendly and professional as well as pilots who kept us informed throughout entire flight."
Always reliably good,"I was a career business flyer and had to use other airlines, but almost always chose JetBlue for personal flights. Now that I am retired I fly JetBlue almost exclusively. This trip, as with most of my JetBlue trips, was a good experience from booking, through check-in, the"
"I love them, but they are always LATE.........always!!!!!!!!!","As far as I am concerned, JetBlue is a great airline. If, they weren't always LATE. And, I mean ALWAYS. I think every flight I have taken with them over the past few years has been late. Every. Single. One. Of. Them. It is really frustrating in that they are one of a few"
Great flight,Super easy and on time ! Easy to board and get off . Luggage never gets lost on JetBlue! I love the email updates and online check in. I have the credit card and the app so it makes it super simple to book and get points
More Leg Room Than Expected!,"This was our first flight on JetBlue and we were pleasantly surprised with the comfortable seats and the GREAT leg room! All JetBlue employees, from gate personnel to flight attendants, were knowledgeable, courteous and friendly."
Jet Blue is the best discount airlines,"When I travel always try to fly jet blue all things equal. You get to bring on a carry on, get beverages and snacks, movies, and choose your seats for no additional cost. The personnel are always friendly."
Marcia's experience,"Took off and landed on time which was very important, passport clearance on the Island was a little long. Also when I arrived home and received some bills from the Airline, were very petty and we were never told about before hand"
JetBlue direct to JFK,"Flight was good overall. TV's did not work, nor did my overhead light. It was impossible to read my magazines without any light. Service was good. Will take the flight again because it is direct to Boston and NY."
Always Great!,I've been flying with JetBlue for years and have had an overall great experience with them. Rarely delayed and always great on board service. Will be flying to San Juan P.R. in a few months and will be upgrading to business class. Looking forward to the next level!
Excellent!!!,"In all honestly, it was one of the best experiences I have ever had flying with them. The only downside was that I could not use the electronic format in Punta Cana. I had to go to the counter and print out my boarding pass. Also, I really don't understand of why did they have"
My airline of preference,I think that check in and flight service is excellent. I've never had a problem with them in that department. The only thing that is a little negative is that lately they have alot of delays. I usually travel about 3 times a year for work and pleasure and I've noticed that we
excellent experiencs,"First flight with JetBlue. Have been a Medallion customer with Delta for many years, but just cant deal with flying to LA via atlanta. Will be flying with blue again and often"
"Great legroom, Free WiFi and more...","Though JetBlue will cost you more than other airlines to Newark, they provide a much better in-flight experience--and they don't nickel and dime you to do it. The plane had individual entertainment screens, free WiFi and--best of all--more legroom!"
The Best airline ever!!!!,"From the first time my husband and I flew Jet Blue, we vowed to always try and fly this airline whenever possible. The entire experience was excellent from start to finish. The level of service, the leg room, the comfortable seats, all were just so wonderful. If we have to"
JetBlue makes air travel comfy,"Had a great flight, Jim and I highly recommend JetBlue's staff, snacks, seating, leg room. The only drawback is we had to use a ramp to board, awkward to drag our carry-on luggage up a fairly steep ramp. We did get to use the standard jetway instead on two instances."
Most convenient way to get from New York City to Tamarindo,"We love traveling with JetBlue, especially out of JFK in New York City. The terminal is clean, big and bright. On this trip we discovered T5 Rooftop Lounge, which is a comfortable open air lounge area in the terminal open to all passengers. Very pleasant way to wait for your"
Safety concern,"I flew JetBlue to bring my family on a Barbados vacation. It seems to have turned into a no-frills airline. You have to pay for everything onboard the plane (headphones Lunch, alcohol, etc). But that's not my main Beef. My main concern is safety. Namely, instead of giving the"
Nice flight,"I had not flown on Jet Blue for several years. The flight was nice but not the Jet Blue of old days. No more hand running beverages, not many smiles and not the wonderful friendliness that jet Blue has a reputation for. In other words, it is no different than any other airline."
Good flights,"Our flight up to New York was perfect, on time, nice folks. The flight back was delayed 6 hours due to bad weather in Florida. Small airport with nothing to do and it was cramped because ours wasn't the only delayed flight. Good Airline."
Really glad I found this airline,"I forgot that flying could be actually a pleasant experience. On time, extra legroom, pick my seat, free Wi-Fi and a snack. I even got points for my dog flying with me."
Love Jet blue,"I have nothing but outstanding things to say about Jet blue, the company the staff , I have taken many many flights with them over the years and only twice were we delayed and it was because of weather not JetBlue ! I recommend to everyone , a very happy loyal customer ."
great flight even though there was turbulance,"Safe, friendly--a great flight even though the flight was delayed. Everyone was relaxed even though it became a late flight."
I would ONLY FLY JET BLUE if I could,"I can’t say enough about Jet Blue and their excellent staff! They were dealing with full flights on both of my recent trips, they were dealing with a different plane being delivered to the gate so the seat configurations didn’t match and they managed to get everyone"
Nice cross country flight,No one likes being stuck in a plane for 6+ hours but Jet Blue was at least fairly comfortable. coming back I had a red-eye and an empty seat next to me which was really nice. Going out the entertainment was decent. Some food options but I would bring what you like for a meal.
Love Jet Blue,"I have not flown anywhere for a long, long time. When I did, I always used Jet Blue (for as long as it has been around). The little TV was the best thing to keep you occupied while you were flying. Loved the blue potato chips. Found the seat area to be comfortable - it was a"
the Hurricane does not arrive and we remain in the airport until 2 am and cancelled the flight for a flighattender,"we changed our flight , so we moved a day before to avoid the pass of the recent hurricane and the airlines tell us that there was no problem in the flight at 10.50 pm. we arrived in the airport and nobody say nothing , when the time pass they start tell us that the pilot are"
Vacation time,Jet blue is a great airline. No delays with easy check in at the airport The flight was on schedule both ways.
accommodating and accountable,"The usual of making sure everyone had the snack and food they wanted, but from the pilot to the flight attendants anything that wasn't going 110% smoothly was explained. It is awesome to feel like you are in the know during travel, so everyone was less stressed (and probably"
Best airline for budget travel,"Jet Blue is always our 'go to' airlines for anywhere. Period. No-surprises or add-on pricing (some airlines these days even charge more if you have a carry-on bag, not to even mention having a seat assignment before the last possible minute!), no-hassle seating selection"
Everything else went right but over 2 hours delay is kind of too much.,"Great staff, excellent airplane and seats but the long delay was too bad. It might be caused by outside problems but the bottom line is that I got there 2 hours after planned. The check in in Fort Lauderdale was not good. The auto monitors would not do my check in."
always choose JetBlue,Flight was on time and the crew was great. Responsive crew. We even got in early. info at the gate in NYC was also clear.
Just another airline,JetBlue used to be a nice alternative to the other airlines with tv screens at every seat. Now the screens are blurry and small. The sound is horrible with the jacks being old. They now sell blankets and headsets. So bring a jacket as they make it cold on the flight to sell
Jet Blue - consistently delivers good service,"Consistent service, good legroom in economy seats, pleasant service, on-time departure and arrival. Jet Blue manages the check in process well. Turns back people who are trying to board early/in room group."
"When my flight was cancelled, I was returned my fare.",I have been happy travelling with jet blue. The crew is extremely polite and helpful. The snacks are. generous.
JetBlue whenever possible!,JetBlue has the most comfortable seats and I love the individual seat back entertainment system. I always try to fly JetBlue even when the connections are not the best. I hope they expand to more airports.
Boston to FLL,"Always like to fly JetBlue. Unfortunately, the flight was delayed three hours arriving from Denver, but came in and got into FLL as last flight in on Sunday night before Hurricane closed the airport. The TV didn't work well in neither of the three seats in our row with"
Mint,"Tried the Mint seating for this trip There are only a few of these up in the front of the plane You get very fast personal service , choice of meals and drinks Most importantly, the seats are able to go flat and you are able to get sleep while you fly I’m 6 foot 3 and I was"
Wonderful Flight,Our flights to and from Grand Cayman on Jet Blue were excellent. I had requested wheel chair assistance for my husband and a friend and Jet Blue was right there are all locations with wheelchairs. The flights were all on time with no issues at all. We love using Jet Blue.
Family birthday trip,The whole flight it was with a turbulence but it was ok. The flight attendance round trip was not good enough. The plane wasn’t clean and the flight attendance not go through to pick the garbage and when I went to ask one of them where I can throw it she didn’t stand up or
Flying with Dorian,Considering that hurricane Dorian was still live and wrecking havoc along the east. The pilot advised that we will not be flying near the hurricane to get to BQN. The flight was better than when we fly without any hurricanes and arrived before schedule. JetBlue is my favorite
"Annual trip to Boston, MA","Jet blue is always the best airline to fly. Plenty of leg room, congenial staff and on time. Easy to maneuver through lines."
Smooth like butter,"I just love jetblue. Everything about the Airline is great from the on time performance, seating, in flight drink and snack choices. They will never disappoint you."
Very nice informative airline,"Very nice comfortable flight. Departed a little late, however we were updated continually so we could contact persons meeting us in Montego Bay of new arrival time."
First time JetBlue Passenger,As a First time JetBlue Passenger I had no complaints. The flight was smooth and the staff was friendly.
Seems somethings not working here.,"Plane was delayed from Fll. Maintenance issue. Delayed numerous times so that eventually missed connecting flight from FLL to ATL. We had to spend the night. Next day flight delayed because pilots delayed coming in from Columbia and flight crew delayed coming from Boston, more"
Nice flight,"Flight was beautiful new plane, tv's worked, very comfortable, flight attendees were very nice. fly jetblue and they are great."
First time on JetBlue was great.,"They advertise ‘more legroom than other airlines’ and it’s true. More room in front of my knees than other flights I’ve been on. Full can of pop, instead of small glass. All personnel were very nice, friendly, and competent."
Great leg room and on time both ways,Pleasantly surprised that the leg room and comfort of the seats hasn't been compromised like so many other carriers. Very friendly and helpful crew on both directions of our trip. Will definitely try to fly them more often.
Flight Attendants: The Flight is not over until everyone is OFF the plane!,"One of my biggest pet peeves with the Airlines is why don't these Flight Attendants announce we are going to be de-boarding the plane, ""passengers, please gather all of your belongings"", announce when the plane door is Open and passengers are now starting to de-plane. Usher"
New England Vacation,"I highly recommend JetBlue Airlines. Our flights (outbound and inbound) were fantastic. Left right on time and arrived right on time. And while in the air attendants were great, they were very courteous and did everything they could to make the flight enjoyable."
Nice Flight,Very nice flight. With TV in seat back. Arrived approx 30 min earlier. Smooth take off and landing. Very happy.
Short Vacation Trip,Despite a delayed departure due to prior legs being delayed - overall experience is as expected with JetBlue.
Can’t wait,We are excited to board the plane because according to the forecast it will be on time which is so rare for Jetblue flights but thankful it was on time.
We Always Fly JetBlue!!,"We Love flying with JetBlue!! Our son & daughter-in-law live in Las Vegas, so we try to visit them as often as their work schedules allow!! JetBlue Never disappoints!! Comfortable seats, wonderful airline personnel, and a no-hassle way to make a reservation, check-in, and board"
Fallen Off,My wife and I were always big fans off jet blue from the beginning Like any new company they start off great Couple years of doing a good job Then profits get in the way Planes don't get fixed like seats not reclining bathrooms not working tv's Broken And I guess a $15 dollar
Winter break,"Always a pleasure to fly jet blue, excellent crew , smooth ride , good cofffee , a plus to have wiffi"
Flight was on time but the customer service on the plane is poor.,Not really sure how to rate this. The plane was on time and we got to and from safely on a non stop flight. So... that's the good news and really all that matters. I do like that the entertainment screen in in front of you so you don't have to down load an App and watch on
JetBlue,JetBlue great Flight. Good service. Don't nickle & dime the customer for seats etc etc Friendly staff. Serve beverage & snacks. Great airline especially in this new environment.
Wonderful Experience,"We boarded and were on our way 20 minutes earlier which was awesome! Extremely courteous crew, I have a 2 yr old and a 7 yr old so things can get tense! But they were there with a smile to help me keep things under control. love flying JetBlue"
Round trip from Boston to Phoenix,"My husband and I purchased extra leg room for these flights. ON the way to Phoenix, our flight was held up due to a woman refusing to check her child's car seat. She ended up sitting behind us and her children kicked our seats for the entire 5 hour flight. On the return flight,"
Horrible flight,"Our flight was at 4:30pm, after being delayed 3 times they finally told us that our plane was broken and they were trying to fix it. Three screws were missing and they could not reach them to fix it. Finally at 8pm they decided to fly out anyways and thought it “was relatively"
The best,"Great airline, free tv and movies, leather seats and great prices when you book early. Friendly staff that try to make flying better then it is today compared to before 911."
jetBlue Falls Short Again......,"I paid for jetBlue's Even More Space product which is supposed to give you extra leg room, expedited check in, and early boarding. I was very surprised to see that jetBlue did not provide the expedited check in that was paid for on both legs of the trip. jetBlue should refund"
Charging for EVERYTHING!,My go to airline has always been Jetblue. The service and comfort compared to other airlines for the price have always been worth a little extra money. The problem is they have started a new policy where they charge travel companions to be seated together. My husband and I
Surprise!,My husband and I have always preferred Southwest but they did not fly our route so we chose JetBlue for the price and timing. We liked it a lot! It really was roomier and everything about the flight was great except the long layover coming home in Fort Lauderdale but we really
Mint,If you can use mint class do so. Well worth the cost for a long flight.Service and seating are excellent. good choice of on board entertainment. Food selections are varied and well presented. Priority boarding and luggage first off as well.
I love JetBlue Airlines!,I love JetBlue Airlines! My flight was excellent and so was the service. The flight was on time and very short but very enjoyable.
reliable flight for a red eye,on time; good value; I use this flight (often full flight) to get to the east coast quickly and on time
great seats very comfortable and somewhat of a leg room,"great flight until we got to Florida and found out our baggage was broken, they are sending us a new and gave a $30 credit which we could not use to pay for our bag fee it can only be used if we fly again with jet blue, which I did not like because we paid for out luggage to go"
Trip to Fort Lauderdale,"Jet Blue doesn't charge for every little thing; i.e. Seat (particular row/seat), baggage (check in or carry on) like other airlines do."
Airline review,We recently had 4 flights in 5 days on Jr Blue. Mco sju stt mco. These were our first flights on Jet Blue. We found the overall experience excellent. The ground team and flight team were outstanding. Very personable and helpful and equipment was in great shape. We will
Good flight pre Dorian,One of the pilots went out of his way to help me on board and off! I have recently had two knee replacements. The flight was generally smooth in spite of a lot of major cloud formation due to Dorian. The pilots did a very fine job!
Excellent Flights,"Great Flights!!! Both flights were on time (as a matter of fact, one was even early), crew was terrific and I encountered no issues on either flight."
LGB to SMF,"Years ago Southwest had the stranglehold on this route but with Long Beach being so much easier than LAX, JetBlue is the only way to go for me. Great friendly service always. On time just about always and often arrives ahead of schedule. You pay an extra fee for the ""more leg"
Jetblue the Best,I love Jetblue. That is the only airline I will fly need assistance getting to and on the plane they always so helpful. the stewards are always very nice and will assist you if you need help.
