TripAdvisorReviews
"I have flown many times before, but I must say that flight #846 with JetBlue was awesome. What a friendly crew! Pilot did an outstanding job getting us to our destination safely and early. Big shout-out to Mate¢. I like that you took the time to greet the passengers by name"
They were very kind and really punctual. I appreciate that. Boarding was really in order and the flight attendants were top of the line. Only improvement area is the in fly internet. It was really complicated to use it and there were not really clear instructions. But for the
we very very pleased to take our rounded trips with jetblue. professional service and smiling faces of the flight attendants made us feel great.
"I just learned unless one buys a seat for significant incremental cost ($80+) on both legs of a flight, one is not guaranteed a seat. There is something called ""core"" seats that I am told do not cost additional money. However, there were no core seats available. But according to"
"This is a nice airline, the staff is really friendly and the seats on the aircraft are comfortable. Also you get all the beverages and chips your heart desires."
"Payed for longer leg room which was worth it. Seat was comfortable, tv worked well and my only suggestion is serving better snacks, maybe even muffins for those early flights."
"I have flown JetBlue a few times this past year and twice they cancelled my flight because of their error, causing me to have to rearrange my trips, incur hotel expenses, miss major events, and spend a ton of money and time rearranging things. Their customer service is a trash"
"Overall, it was a decent flying experience. The flight to Florida was 30 minutes delayed, but the staff did their best to make up for the lost time and remained upbeat despite the delay. Aside from the short delay, the flight was wonderful and we arrived in West Palm feeling"
"Return trip to Orlando from Boston. Direct flight, a little under 3 hours. Smooth flight, no turbulance. Drink and snacks provided. Seat-back TV helped make the trip enjoyable and not feel as long. $30 checked bag fee, not too bad. Two free carry-ons."
"We flew direct from Albany to Ft. Lauderdale in August for vacation. While we were told we were delayed leaving due to storms (heard that Fl was clear from others on flight with relatives there), the airport was not landing any flights. This was in no way the airlines fault. "
"JetBlue is my preferred airline. They have always been on time, and even early on some occasions. I find their staff to be courteous and helpful."
"We had a small dog, the flight was a little delayed on takeoff. Dog is under his seat and is very warm. He started to whine. Once we took off she calm down. The crew was very understanding and very cooperative with us. I would like to say thank you to the all"
"Once again we chose JetBlue over other options. Why: top customer service, screen at every seat and comfortable seats. Why bother with any other airline?"
My family took the children on a trip to Disney August 2019. Initially we were slated to travel on American Airlines because i am Not a fan of Jet Blue but because Jet Blue travelled non stop and we had three little children with us I relented and changed the flight to Jet Blue.
Excellent flights - both departure and return flights arrived approx 30 minutes early! They were both full flights - but what flights aren't these days.
We fly JetBlue every time we go to New York. They have fare prices and their point system is good. The light was go no events the snacks are good.
"So fun the pilot came out before we flew and greeted us all made some fun comments welcoming us on his plane, it was great and something I never experienced before."
"-I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND JETBLUE FOR YOUR TRAVEL NEEDS - Sadly, I needed to fly from Long Beach to Sacramento, due to a death in the family, I booked the flight quickly as one does in a situation like this, did not look at terms of canceling (MY FAULT). The plans changed from"
"Have been flying JetBlue since 2013 and still have not been disappointed. They have very few delays, always accommodating, always trying to get you to where you are going. Once a flight was cancelled and they hired a bus to take us to another airport so we all got home that"
Really enjoy flying on JetBlue. Planes are clean and have TV's. Glad to be able to fly out of Westchester County with Non-Stop flights available.
"We went last week to NOLA on JetBlue, with one connecting flight. Plane left on time for both flights and landed early. Staff were friendly and the inflight movie/tv selection was good. Plenty of leg room for everyone. Comfortable seats. I love JetBlue."
"I will literally never use Jetblue again if I can help it. Firstly, several customer service personnel at several counters said they could help with a baggage issue that occurred, only to find out later that they could not do what they promised, meaning we would possibly be"
Early bird flight is an awesome flight to start enjoying your trip once you land. Since you have all day to do so. Jet Blue always accommodate your needs within reasons. Staffs are always courteous and professionals. Two thumbs up!!
"Jetblue consistently impresses me with their customer service. It took two minutes to fill out the $50 visa form to travel to Havana. Great staff on board, wonderful amenities. Quick flight. Great snacks :)"
having used this airline before and had no problems we looked forward to our trip down to Orlando our flight was due to leave at 0615 on Sunday 6th October 2019 when we arrived at the boarding gate at 0550 expecting to board we were told we were the last to board and our carry
Flew with extended family. Group representative arranged seats and flight times. Good contact followup.
"4Oct19: 5 AM, Amanda Zaiter of Jet Blue did *not* tag my bride's bag. Wife near tears on Day One in Aruba. 4Oct19: Filed claim 5Oct19: JetBlue rallied and delivered bag to hotel"
Relative easy check in and boarding experience. Only boarding agent at JFK NY made all passenger in last boarding sections gate check their bags. He claimed that all bins on plane were full which was a total lie. It turned out there was plenty of bin space. My carry on always
Ooooooold planes. Armrests falling apart Entertainment system does not work. Rude flight attendants.
"We have Nothing to complain about! We had a Great flight, the flights were On time and we had great service."
"Our flight to our destination was very easy, but our flight home was many hours of waiting in the airport. The plane was sent for maintenance so that it could not leave on time. The airline had to find a replacement plane to get us out. It was so many hours of waiting and not"
"Our first time flying JetBlue. Very good experience. Food for purchase, as well as free can of soda & choice of snacks. Alcohol is also available for purchase. Comfortable seats, more leg room than other airlines. Good choice of entertainment, with a screen on the back of the"
"Found a very reasonable rate from Priceline, my wife & I were in seperate seats to sacramento, then we sat next to each other on the way back. For $167.00 per passenger round trip it was a very ggod buy. JetBlue is very linient about carry ons and personal bags, unlikle some"
"In the days of no ""extras"" at all JetBlue is a breath of fresh air. Seat back entertainment and snakes. Oh did I mention they let you have the full can of soda???"
Problems with Golf equipment. According to regulations 1 golf set can be checked in as luggage without oversize problem. Bought a carton a golf store they use to ship equipment to customers. Surprise surprise that is ok with flight in the US but on my flight I had to undue the
"JetBlue TVs, extra leg room and free drinks and snacks is the way to travel to FLA. I was able to watch my favorite hockey team on my flight which has an extra surprise. You can ask for more than one snack as well."
"This JetBlue is the worst airline I have experienced. I had the flight with JetBlue on 16 August. When I reached Detroit, I didn't receive of one of my Suitcases (it had 23.5 kg weights). At the airport, I filled the form to track the status of my bag. From that time unitl now,"
"Really uncomfortable, I will always take Spirit over this airline. Both are budget but Spirit has comfortable seats and cheery flight crew. JetBlue has not."
Delayed flight and then switched my seat without notification. Then would not allow me to pay for an upgrade. I?ll be flying another carrier from now on. 
The departure and arrival experiences went smoothly. The staff was courteous and helpful. The snacks were good choices.
"This review is for comparable budget airlines. Flight out of Denver was on time and no big problems. Flew on the A320 aircraft, not JetBlue updated version, in aisle seat, for budget airline had descent leg room. As normal the seats were not the most comfortable, but that's the"
"That's my first boarding to the airline company. Until boarding to the plane, I didn't have good image to such LCC airline company. But all crews were super friendly and the flight time was so comfortable with free wi-fi."
"just waited on a plane for an hour before they admitted that the plane was broken for some inexplicable reason. just announced that although the flight was delayed an hour it will ?probably be later?. terrible communication, faulty equipment, and a ruined weekend without any"
"Through rough weather, safe landing. Seriously, Florida was experiencing a tropical cyclone and the pilot was quite proficient."
We'd arrived at Logan for a flight to Newark. Seeing a two-hour delay (it was a very windy day) I noticed the flights for JFK were on time. A visit to the JetBlue Just Ask desk got us transferred to this flight (with a surprise free upgrade to Even More Space seats) with
"The leg room is good. However, customer service is why I love flying JetBlue! I would only fly another airline if JetBlue doesn?t fly to that destination. Can?t wait to fly to Europe with JetBlue"
"I Love Jetblue! I have flown this airline 7 times within the past year and they do not disappoint! Thank you for being a par above other brands and keeping your prices low! The snack offerings are wonderful - including gluten free options. Check-in is amazing, staff is amazing,"
"JetBlue is convenient either from Hartford or Westchester. NY. Comfortable seats, decent snacks, great crew that are always smiling. You do have to be aware that JetBlue is not the most economical airline especially for seniors or if you are flying on holidays. You have to look"
Great experience w JetBlue. Flew economy. Sat in the exit row. Lots of legroom. Snack. You have the option to purchase lunch/dinner. Friendly staff. The way to go is def Jetblue
"I flew the ""redeye"" . Very accommodating. The movie, snack/food, the TV directly in front of me was very nice. I was able to get some work done and get a little shut eye as well. The crew was nice, but most important this was the first time I flew red eye and it was"
"JetBlue is always my favorite domestic airline to fly. I took an early morning flight from Boston to DCA (4:55 am flight) and we got there ahead of schedule. Smooth sailing the whole way, plenty of legroom, and no absolutely no issues. What more can you ask for at that hour?"
"jetBlue is my favorite airlines, the best value for your buck. Traveling for business every week can get tiring but jetBlue takes the stress out of my weekly commute. Worth every penny."
It was an awesome trip. On time and plenty of leg room. We did not feel cramped at all. Attendants were great. Flew from Detroit to Boston then changed planes and on to Aruba. Highly recommend Jet Blue.
"Great service, reasonable fare. Flight delayed couple of hours, no notification provided ahead, scheduled fir 6:20am departed at 9am, would have appreciated notice so we didn?t have to get there so early"
"Understandable that weather like a non existent windy bomb cyclone in NYC cancelled the flight (note: United flew into Newark around the same time), but to rebook me on the next day on a connecting flight (had a nonstop) and put me to the last row when the even more space rows"
"The flight was wonderful, but we did have a 45-minute delay for something to do with the screens. I didn't appreciate that we sat on the plane and waited. Delays have happened to us in the past and once sat on the plane for 1-1/2 hours. NOT a fun experience! They delayed it"
The whole airport experience was nothing like it is hyped up to be...Yes the screening is more ridgid but it is for our protection and I don't mind it I was through the screening and on the plane in less than a half hour.....Just enough time to grab a coffee and use the restroom
"JetBlue Airways Manage Booking Call Now 1-888-540-7192 This is true for most U.S. airlines including JetBlue: Cheapest days to fly: Usually Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays. JetBlue fare sales often restrict travel to those days booking your flight and get the best service"
"JetBlue is a solid airline with good service and easy connection between major cities. Seats are comfy and even though it?s always tough to get sound sleep, the attendants make it very accommodating."
First time flying with Jetblue. Wife and I going to a family wedding in Portland. So we awoke at 2.45am to check in at 4 am for a 6 am departure. Plane seats were doing and let space was quite comfortable as advertised. This was a pleasant surprise! Attendants were
"Comfy as usual. It's nice to have full size soda ( unlike S.West) Smooth flight, friendly staff. Easy to sleep. No wait for the wheelchair Assistance."
"Short ride because this was a layover connection. Only downside; My screen didn't work, but it was ok. The flight staff were so amazing. Christian was the best. So attentive and funny."
"JetBlue has long been my airline of choice for a variety of reasons. For this business trip I purchased Even More Space/Speed on the way don to Tampa and it was well worth it; however, the tv at my seat was out the entire flight. As that is a major selling point and"
"Plenty of leg room, got in earlier than expected. Only complaint is when watching the tv with earphones the pilot blasts your ears it's so loud with constant updates."
"We fly JetBlue a lot and normally have an easy flight. Unfortunately, through no fault of the airline, passengers took our seats before us so that families with small children could sit together. This happened both ways! Not great, but we accommodated them. What was horrible was"
"Great flight out of a small airport (Long Beach, CA). Departed on time and arrived early. Decent amount of entertainment options--I like that DirecTV is available, a bunch of people were watching a game at the same time so you could hear cheering/sighing throughout the cabin,"
I will NEVER fly with JetBlue EVER again.. my first flight was delayed.. the second flight (when I finally found the gate after several incorrect ones being posted) I was told it was too late and I my fianc‚ and I would not be allowed on (we?re same sex and African American) and
"Great flights! Nice, clean planes with free seat back TV and lots of leg room. Love the boarding process of window seats first, then middle, then aisle seats. Flights on time, both ways. A representative met the plane at the gate when we landed in Cleveland, and walk with"
Our flight on JetBlue was perfect. We took off on time and arrived early on our arrival flight and our departure flight we departed early and arrived early. The staff couldn't have been accommodating. Will fly JetBlue again!
traveling with Jetblue was great had a direct flight to aruba so nice to get on the plane then off at vacation totally great. had a small problem with seating call Jetblue an in 5 min solved
"Our recent trip to Barbados started out great. Check in was a breeze. Early boarding,food selection and drinks ok. When we arrived in Barbados we had hired a service to expedite customs and immigration. Now comes the wait for luggage 20 minutes pass now come 40 bags of non mint"
Friendly attendants. Great seat you have room in front of you. You also have a tv in headrest in front of you. Free chips and soda.
"First time on JetBlue and won't be the last. Was very happy with the overall experience. Everything went as well as could be expected as far as JetBlue was concerned. Both flights were smooth, communication from pilot was on point, and service by attendants was very good. "
I always travel on Jetblue because it's affordable. So I know what to expect. I do wish the check in the US was easier and straightforward. Fling to FL wasnt bad but it was coming back that wasn't. Although we checked online we still had to go to the counter because the airline
"Great crew and tasty snacks! Will fly JetBlue again, only airline I will fly with. Seat are comfortable and bathrooms are clean."
JetBlue is a solid choice for flying. Good communication with delays and friendly service. In flight entertainment is a plus and the snacks offered are good.
I love JetBlue. From the non stop service to the free TV and wifi it's the best value for my trips home.
"JetBlue is our airline. Since our first trip in 2013 we have never even considered another airline. The flight is comfortable though long (not their fault), but the time goes quickly with on board entertainment. We do upgrade to extra legroom seats not that I've found the others"
do not purchase the insurance!!! total scam. you get it thinking you can change your flight with ease and you cant. you will have to spend more money and pray the insurance qualifies you for reimbursement. what a joke
I've never had a bad flight with JetBlue and my latest was no exception. Was on a nice brand new plane for both legs of my connection and my seat felt super roomy. Love the snacks and SO many movie options to choose from. Made a 5 hour flight feel like 1. The best!
"The service on our flight to Boston was good but the only bad thing was we were in the very last row and although I had a window seat, there was no window. Since it was our first time in Boston, it would have been nice to see the city as we arrived. When we left Boston we had"
Amazing airline lots of room great customer service. Highly recommend. Seats are comfortable. Some have the tv in the back of the seat so you can watch a movie
"It seems to me that JetBlue is gradually but steadily sliding downhill. I hope not, but I may soon have to be comparing it with American Airlines -- yuck. Yes, there is more legroom, which is important, and nothing terrible happened really, but two things. First and foremost"
Flight left on time and we arrived thirty minutes early. Terrific flight crew as well as the other passengers.
We started out with an hour delays flight 319 FLL SLC 10/14/19. After finally boarding and sitting for some time in the aircrafts we saw OPS walk down the isle of the plane ... not good. Come to find out that during the loading of beverages and snacks they broke a latch that
We had to change our outgoing location from Guayaquil to Quito due to the unrest against the goverment.I was traveling with my parents and 2 children. We had a flight from Cuenca to Quito and the flight was one hour and 18 minutes late. Jetblue got our luggage on our flight and
"jetBlue will always be my top choice to fly, the usually have good prices if you look and plan your trip with time... now when you say expensive BOOM they are expensive, so always be on the lookout and plan your ""escapes"" with time. They offer great info prior, during and post"
Would recommend all to JetBlue. The free WiFi while in the United States as well as the unlimited snacks separated them from other airlines. Cost of flights were respectable too!
"I normally fly Jetblue for both business and personal and I typically have a pleasant experience. This particular flight was extremely turbulent for what I feel was an extended period of time, well over an hour probably closer to 2 hours. The flight was so turbulent that no"
"Flight was on time, seats were decent, snacks and soda were free. Flight was smooth as were takeoffs and landing, no delays. However any safe flight I believe is a good flight."
"Flight was on time, seats were fairly decent, snacks and soda were free. Flight was smooth as were takeoffs and landing, no delays. Checked bags were $30 each, not so good but all airlines are squeezing checked bags. Annoying things were the add on convenience items that they"
My family and I had such a great experience flying jet blue! It happened to be my parents and brothers first time flying and they were very nervous. The fact that the airline sold headsets to be able to plug in and watch a movie really helped them calm their nerves and they even
"I ve never in my life experienced a company that disrespects the time and needs of their paying customers. I had booked a $250 one way ticket to Chicago for Saturday early morning with Jet Blue as I had a very important professional meeting, I had decided to go a long time ago."
7 hours of delay without an apology. Broken TV's on the flight. A flight attendant that seemed to hate everyone. Windows so dirty on the inside that you couldn't see out of. Won't be flying JetBlue ever again.
"It was on time, and it was a normal flight. There was some manageable turbulence. Had a go-around once and ended up with pleasant landings, and pilots did not scare passengers about the bad weather at the landing site. Flight attendants were polite and did not disturb sleeping"
Easy check in. Able to switch seats. On time. Lots of leg room. Great snacks and cordial staff. I will fly this airline more often.
Very pleasant experience. Lovely check in staff and air crew. Lots of legroom. Nice clean aircraft. Departed and landed on time. Good selection of free snacks and beverages. Good selection of in flight entertainment. When did airlines start charging for pillows blankets and
"I like JETBLUE , got offered extra legroom for not a lot of money , friendly personnel and on time flight"
To start the red headed girl at the counter was too busy watching videos on her phone to pay attention to her surrounding and the safety of the people at the gate. Then the girl on the flight who states she is an attendant was rude and moving people belongings without even
JetBlue is always our first choice to fly. Flights are always on time and flight crews are awesome! The larger seats are also a great plus! In-flight TV is especially enjoyable as I've had issues on other airlines trying to access the In-flight TV and that is a must for me
